Mike: That's a good view of the cat.
Mike: Yeah. Now you got in the way!
Tim Sackton: character, Mike, what are you talking about?
Mike: I know, right? Like, you're blocking our view of your character, Gog.
David S. Kong: You guys are… you guys are…
David S. Kong: You guys are trying to figure out how AI's gonna take over the world. It's gonna be cats.
Mike: No, no, no, cats don't want to. If they had wanted to, they would have already.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who's to say that they haven't already?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, they have a pretty sweet deal.
Mike: That's true!
Mike: Hold on, let me.
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey, wait, before we start, can we look at scheduling briefly?
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So… Our next… our next… session is scheduled for February 26th, which is a…
Tim Sackton: It's… that's gonna be a, like…
Tim Sackton: If there's anything to wrap up from Chasm, we'll wrap it up.
Tim Sackton: And we'll do a little brainstorming and planning for future stuff, but I think that's not intended to be…
Tim Sackton: Session Zero for… Feywilds?
Tim Sackton: Because Schwartz won't be quite ready to start that soon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Do we want to schedule something in March now that could be…
Tim Sackton: Feywild Session Zero, or alternatively, we could schedule a Malwar one-shot in March if
Tim Sackton: you're not quite ready to do Feywilds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, Maurer One-Shot would be great before Failwild Zero. I see, though, a session both on February 24th and 6th, should one of those come off?
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I think we… I think the 26th is what I have.
Mike: Let me just double check, one of those was when…
Mike: Charlie's going to a Conan Gray concert.
Mike: Which is still not in our calendar. The 26th is right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so next game is… Next session is the 26th.
Tim Sackton: then we could schedule something in early March that could be a Mawar one-shot, and then we'll do Feywild Session Zero in…
Tim Sackton: like, second half of March.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, good.
Tim Sackton: Should we…
Tim Sackton: 11th? 12th?
Tim Sackton: I'm… pretty flexible any… any time that week, the March 9th.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, 10th?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do we think about the 10th?
Mike: Yeah, that's a Tuesday, sure.
Tim Sackton: Kong is not good for you, March 10th?
David S. Kong: March 10… yeah, this should be fine.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And we can schedule more on the 26th.
Tim Sackton: I won't put anything else in the calendar.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I see this one, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Great.
Tim Sackton: All set.
Tim Sackton: No, this isn't… It says, target malware.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: We'll just… Hmm, that was weird.
Mike: Sorry, have I… So…
Mike: where we… left our heroes.
Mike: You had just… chased a group of… Oddly determined orcs.
Mike: Through a… Multi-level… machine?
Mike: Thing? Built, built, thing.
Mike: that was threaded through with these 6 black columns.
Audio shared by Mike: And…
Mike: you had started… you're chasing after a stone, a piece of some vast, runic
Mike: contraption that Adricius is holding together with his body right now.
Mike: That seems to be, in some fashion, related to the…
Mike: Challenges the chasm has been having.
Mike: the… thing, this keystone that you're chasing after was stolen by a party of orcs. And… who… who…
Mike: fled.
Mike: Downward through this dungeon, through these levels of this, of this machinery, of this, sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: Runic engine.
Mike: until finally, you came… they came out in a…
Mike: You fought and defeated them in a… Sort of vast…
Mike: In a vast hall, somewhat damaged.
Mike: bye.
Mike: Mostly intact, with… these six.
Mike: Black pillars still threading through the ceiling of the hall, and then threading through the… in the… in the center of the hall, they keep going down.
Mike: Through the floor.
Mike: Great. And where we pick up.
Mike: You're kind of in the… in the… Far corner of this, of this hall.
Mike: around these…
Mike: with the orcs dead, and this keystone object, you know, visible.
Mike: On the far end.
David S. Kong: What did we do? What did we do at the end of the last session?
Mike: You killed the session.
Mike: you did nothing. It ended immediately. We decided not to…
Mike: We decided not to do any.
Audio shared by Mike: Wrap up.
Audio shared by Mike: the…
Mike: You had defeated the… you had killed the last orc.
Mike: And we just ended.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: So…
Mike: you're now… You're now in this… In this… hall.
Mike: Right? And you have a moment to look around now, not… when you enter, you were sort of immediately distracted by this party of orcs attacking you.
Mike: And so now you have sort of a moment to look around the hall a little bit more.
Mike: you can see,
Mike: You can see… the…
Audio shared by Mike: Top…
Mike: that, that… The ceiling, right, there's… there's these six…
Mike: There's these six columns of… of some sort of black…
Mike: material that seems to almost absorb light. It's… it's…
Mike: it's unusual looking at it, right? It doesn't really look like…
Mike: metal or stone. It's actually hard when your eyes look at it to even fully understand what it's made of.
Mike: And these same 6 columns have been threaded through this entire… this entire structure, right? Up into the… up into the,
Mike: The middle room, where they… where they veered out towards the sides.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have metal-seeking crossbow bolts, right?
Mike: You do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Could I just, like, toss one and see if it veers towards one of the columns, just to see if these are, in fact, metal?
Mike: Yeah, you absolutely could, but let me just finish describing what else you see.
Mike: You do have hard-won…
Mike: crossbow bolts, from, you know, this weird piece of metal that you stole from a terrible place that tried to rip your hand into shreds.
Mike: the, so these, these pillars go through,
Mike: the… the floor, right? And then…
Mike: On the far edge of one of the hall.
Mike: is… like, you didn't come down, you sort of came down not right next to the pillars. On the far end is where the dead… is where the keystone is. This piece of black carved… like, an intricate stone with, like, many rooms carved on it that you've been seeking.
Mike: And then you can see there's, like, almost,
Mike: Around the pillars, there's, like, these slats, right, like, like, places in the, like,
Mike: In a ship, right, where you have, like, a crosshatch, you know, a hatch that could…
Mike: open up to go down to the next level, or something like that, right? Like… Basically, these… these…
Mike: patches, effectively.
Mike: where there's a couple of them placed around these six pillars, and you can see a faint light kind of coming out from the hatching. Like, if you look towards these… these three hatches, which are…
Mike: sort of around the six pillars. You can see, like, a little bit of a faint white,
Mike: A little bit of a faint, sort of purple-blue light.
Mike: Variable, it's not steady, it's, like, flickering.
Mike: Like, something down.
Mike: Dows.
Mike: From the wild, yeah.
Mike: And you remember on the outside that there was, like, a ball, like, the… the structure of this thing was… there was a big…
Mike: room. There's a big area, and then there's, like, a dome attached to the bottom of it.
Audio shared by Mike: So the hatches probably lead down into that dome.
Mike: And then there's a lot of debris around here, right? Like, there's a lot of… just…
Mike: like, broken pieces of stone and metal, and… It's hard to tell what any of it was, right? But just, like… you could investigate it more carefully, right? Like, just…
Audio shared by Mike: just…
Mike: A rock that's cracked.
Mike: In part, or, like, a long metal rod, or, a gear wheel. Like, just… just like this sort of
Mike: Three, almost, scattered about the room.
Mike: Until we zoom in on our heroes, who are doing… what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Throwing things.
Mike: Alright, I was gonna, I was, I was, it was…
Mike: Let's see, so it seeks metal.
David S. Kong: Sorry, sorry I missed it.
Audio shared by Mike: Where is the crystal thing that we're looking for?
Mike: It's… on one edge, it's… it's… you can see it down at the far end of the hall.
Mike: So, like, it's… it's like a great halt, right? Like, it's a big, open road, right? And you can just… you could see it maybe 50 feet from you, down…
David S. Kong: Unguarded, just floating in the air.
Mike: It's sitting on the ground.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit. Okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: It's like a… it's like a black stone about yay big with, like, well…
Mike: With, like, runes carved on it. Slightly curved.
David S. Kong: So we'll, head over and investigate the stone.
Mike: The… the arrow does bend towards the… the pillar.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's fantastic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I'll look through the bodies and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See if we can figure out who these guys are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or if there's anything valuable in them.
Tim Sackton: Ben's gonna start… Virtual Casting Detect Magic.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Do you mean?
Mike: Damn.
Kate Sackton: Just have it scavenge from the…
Kate Sackton: Those, some cloaks or something, so we can rig something to carry this…
Kate Sackton: doodad back to where it needs to go.
Mike: So… justice, the… the orcs, there's…
Mike: 6 or 7, I could check my notes, but there's a hand… there's a bunch of dead… I mean, they have.
Audio shared by Mike: war equipment, right? You know, they clearly fought. They clearly… you fought them, right? They have battle equipment. They have…
Mike: You know, actually make a.
Audio shared by Mike: But… What… do you have any…
Mike: Orc knowledge?
Mike: Do you have any, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah!
Mike: Make an intelligence check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: Wisdom, I guess. Make a wisdom check.
Mike: And if you have a way to justify adding proficiency bonus, tell me what it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Orcs… I mean, I feel like I've run into orcs in the hills and fought orcs. Tell me if this is not how orcs work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, like, I mean, I've been around this part of the world for a long, long time. I think I would know, like, who are the bands, like, who comes through here regularly, who are the Raiders…
Audio shared by Mike: Like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To be able to decipher any sigils, or insignia or…
Audio shared by Mike: I don't know, little local orc gods or something like that.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, I mean…
Tim Sackton: Four chords tend to…
Audio shared by Mike: come and go, right? Like, that's my… Tim, tell me if I'm wrong, that's always been my impression, is Oreic hordes.
Audio shared by Mike: tend to not be persistent. They tend to…
Audio shared by Mike: Gather under a leader and sweep through, and then…
Audio shared by Mike: vanish, right? Unless you have a particularly strong leader, They don't necessarily… .
Tim Sackton: So they tend to be… I mean…
Tim Sackton: In the absence… you wouldn't… you would very… you would never find a large concentration of works in the absence of some…
Tim Sackton: Because, like, they will fight each other just as much as they'll fight
Tim Sackton: anybody else. But, like, small… I mean, I don't know, there's… I've had several.
Tim Sackton: places where I've dropped small raiding groups of orcs, I think it's plausible that they exist.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: You wouldn't find any orc.
Mike: Withdrawal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That makes sense, also given that I rolled a 2.
Mike: I don't think that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's like.
Mike: Great question. They're not familiar, right? Like, sure, probably there are, you know, you live on the sort of edge of unsettled territory, right? It's quite likely that there's maybe an orc… a couple of orc bands that kind of come down off the Lavnash Plateau, or come from the sort of farther north areas.
Mike: towards Breva, right? But these are definitely not familiar. There is… you do notice, pretty obviously the leader, the one who… who…
Mike: has a number of, like, symbols of… I don't even remember, what is Thark's holy? What would somebody…
Mike: Particularly dedicated to Thark.
Mike: look like. Anyway, whatever.
Tim Sackton: Somehow, never made that up, despite, like.
Tim Sackton: That being central to several plots.
Mike: A massive plotline about how Sark is… anyway.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't matter, because Brisman's gonna defeat Thark, so then it won't exist.
Mike: But this is 20 years before, this is… we're 170 is right now. It's 18 years before, it's 20 years before Riswin defeats Thurg. There is, a,
Mike: You do see… you do notice, like, a fairly… so this leader is fairly prominently
Mike: covered in signs of dark, right? Like, clearly a… A sort of dark.
Kate Sackton: Delight.
Mike: Acolyte, right, thank you, Kate. But there's also a number of, like, Scarification and, like,
Mike: Painted… roughly painted signs that seem to represent, like, two mountains.
Mike: Like, stylistically, it looks like maybe two mountains with a… with a…
Mike: Glacier in between them, like, in the lower point between the two mountains.
Mike: Which is not a sigil you've seen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm. Okay.
Mike: although… forget if you were… I mean, you might recognize it.
Mike: Oh, no, you would recognize it, I forgot your backup. It's… you would recognize it from this past fall. This is the same sigil that the… that the Oracle cord that attacked in the last summer was…
Kate Sackton: Rappager people.
Mike: Yes, the Ravager of Winter.
Mike: But they don't seem to have… they… they're…
Mike: they don't have anything… you will have a T, so you don't actually know very much, but they don't have anything…
Mike: Interesting. They had some supplies.
Mike: Right, like… You know, there's… they're… they clearly have some survival supply, right? Like… like, bedroll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: Some rations, that kind of stuff.
Mike: You wouldn't necessarily trust or crashes, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dip.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright.
Mike: Cognos, does Echo… so you walk over to the stone, like, it's just sitting there, what do you do?
David S. Kong: Has, Finian, completed the Detect Magic?
Mike: If you… it takes 10 minutes, so you could…
David S. Kong: Oh, it takes 10 minutes?
Mike: You could…
David S. Kong: Yeah, tell me more about the stone. I don't touch it yet. If I get near it, do I feel anything?
Mike: It's… You're, like, the… the…
Mike: the roots of your feathers kind of tingle a little bit, right? Like, like,
Mike: you know, like, whatever the Kenku equivalent of, you know, goosebumps would be.
David S. Kong: Interesting.
Mike: But otherwise, no. I mean, it's… it's a… it's a black… it's almost like a…
Mike: arc of a circle, right? So it's not heavily curved, but it's slightly curved.
Mike: And there's these bands of silver and,
Mike: Some runes are silver bands of, like, runes, and then there's also just these places where there's, like, these dark channels. Like, just carved channels running through it.
David S. Kong: Like, deeply carved into the stem.
David S. Kong: And is this fra- is it fractured? This is, like, fractured.
Mike: Yeah, like, like, the edges are a little bit jagged.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: Like, it looks like it was part of a circle, and it was cracked off.
David S. Kong: Without touching it, does it look heavy?
Mike: Yeah?
Mike: Looks… I mean, it's… it's like, you know, it's like…
Mike: It's the… yeah, the size of, of… You know, maybe, like, what, I don't know.
David S. Kong: I got you.
Mike: Like, that big, right? And it looks… I mean, it visually looks like a… like a heavy granite or something like that, or marble, like black marble or something like that.
David S. Kong: Yeah,
David S. Kong: you know, Echo is potentially channeling his inner YOLO and just wants to, like, lick it, but is it gonna not do that?
David S. Kong: not lick the… Rune, Rune Rock.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I guess,
David S. Kong: I mean, it's almost certainly magical, I don't know.
David S. Kong: Echo is sort of like, hey, should we just pick it up?
David S. Kong: Yolis, you wanna pick it up?
Eric Rosenbaum: On my way.
Mike: Okay? So YOLO picks it up.
Mike: Yes? No? Baby?
Eric Rosenbaum: I fly down next to Echo, and take a look at it, and actually, like, poke it with my toe first. It's like, hmm, what is this thing?
David S. Kong: Anything happen?
Mike: You poke it with your toe.
David S. Kong: Claw.
David S. Kong: Er…
Eric Rosenbaum: My, my toe claw.
David S. Kong: Outbeard talent.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is fine.
Mike: I mean, it… it… it's very tingly, right? Like, like,
Mike: The… again, like, maybe a static electricity kind of vibe.
Mike: Do you see my message, Eric?
Eric Rosenbaum: S.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm… did it come through?
Mike: Nope.
Mike: Just put it in the chat. Put it in that message chat.
Mike: It might have come through somewhere that I didn't see.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Sorry, one second.
Eric Rosenbaum: No regrets.
Eric Rosenbaum: did somebody say something?
David S. Kong: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope.
David S. Kong: Are you hearing voices in your head?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it's not, like, in my head.
David S. Kong: What's the voice saying?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's, not sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, has anybody, yeah, we should check out what's, what's throw those hatches.
David S. Kong: Why's that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa, we're just… Somebody doing that? Like, while you and I do this? We should just check it out.
David S. Kong: While you and I do what? What are we doing? Well, we're… Me and you?
Eric Rosenbaum: We're investigating this object.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, the rest of the gang…
David S. Kong: But you just said… you just started hearing, was somebody telling you to do something?
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, yes, but no.
Audio shared by Mike: Are you telling me to do something?
David S. Kong: I'm not telling you to do something, but are you… is somebody telling you to do something? That's not me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I… Telling sort of, like, involves, like.
Audio shared by Mike: People understanding each other.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Normally it does, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not what's happening.
David S. Kong: What is happening?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not really sure.
Kate Sackton: Well, Greg has told us to bring back this piece, so somebody told us something, and that's what we're supposed to be trying to do.
David S. Kong: Oh, we know that that's what we're trying to do, but I think, you know, he touched the rock, and now there's people talking to him in his head, so I'm not sure if…
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, you're right, though, we are… we are supposed to be bringing this back, and so…
Kate Sackton: back, yeah, I mean, that part's… but maybe we shouldn't touch the rock.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here, Echo, you get the other end, and Yolo reaches down to pick up one end.
Mike: when you've.
Kate Sackton: I said we needed some cloaks.
Mike: When you, like, grab the edge of it, it's actually shockingly light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Mike: So, like, it's… it feels like… it looks like something that should be…
Mike: 100 or something pounds, but, like, when you go to pick it up, it just… you can just lift the whole thing yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, look at that.
David S. Kong: Alright.
David S. Kong: It looks like yellow…
Mike: your feathers, like, when you grab it, it's, like, a little…
Mike: very… feels staticky, right? Like, all of your… all your feathers, like, puff a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're… they're sticking out.
Mike: Stick it out a little, right? Like.
Audio shared by Mike: Damn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, how wide is it?
Mike: That's about, I don't know, 2 feet? Something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could, like, just, like, put it over my back.
Mike: Like, it's kind of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Over my shoulders.
Mike: Yeah, you could, absolutely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, we should just bring this back, right? After we check out what's down below.
David S. Kong: Why do we need to check out what's down below? We achieved our mission and gotten the thing that we need.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but it's probably really nice down there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you know what's down there?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, that's why we need to go down there, to find out.
Audio shared by Mike: Huh. Huh.
Audio shared by Mike: Huh.
Audio shared by Mike: There might be snacks.
Kate Sackton: a Drake.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Excuse me.
Kate Sackton: Pass out if we don't hurry.
Eric Rosenbaum: True. Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the… The secret to solving all of our problems could be down there, too.
David S. Kong: You wanna go down there so that?
Kate Sackton: They'll be down there after we bring this piece back to Adrakus. It's only, like.
Kate Sackton: A met, you know, 500 meters away or something.
Kate Sackton: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo starts to sort of… Just, like, smoothly back away.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the direction of one of the columns.
Audio shared by Mike: Where those hatches are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
David S. Kong: Echo will… get in the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, e…
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we'll all get in the way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yolo, why don't… why don't we wrap that thing up in a cloak or something? I can stuff it in the backpack, and none of us have to… to deal with it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sound good, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: How far apart are we? Let's see, we're probably, like, pretty close.
Mike: Yeah?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm sort of imagining the four of us, like, as YOLO's backing up, the four of us just sort of, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: In circles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): written.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Hmm?
Eric Rosenbaum: And…
David S. Kong: merging.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, Mike, how far am I from one of those hatches with the glowing light coming out?
Mike: I mean, maybe about 40 feet.
Mike: They're… they're more at the center, and the stone was kind of at the far end, and the room's, like, 200 feet.
Mike: Right, so… 40 or 50 feet at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: yellow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks around, quickly assessing the tactical situation.
David S. Kong: Should we…
Eric Rosenbaum: Crosses.
David S. Kong: Should we roll it in the past asleep on him or something?
Mike: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Damn.
Mike: Initiative is a good way to resolve who moves first if you try and do things that…
Tim Sackton: Has it been 10 minutes?
Mike: It's probably been just about 10 minutes, yeah.
Mike: We could say your detect matches. Just comes up now, at this very moment.
Tim Sackton: Perfect.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dramatic.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, Finnen will look up… from the soft…
Tim Sackton: Sing-song chant that he's been doing for the past 10 minutes. And…
Tim Sackton: First of all, is there anything magic within 30 feet?
Tim Sackton: Assuming I'm walking towards them, so I'm, like, 30.
Mike: Killers.
Tim Sackton: away from…
Mike: The, The pillars are magical.
Mike: And… the stone is magical.
Tim Sackton: What, what kind of magic?
Mike: the… Stone has… It's very complicated.
Mike: It has… it's… Some…
Tim Sackton: If it's created… it's only if it's created by a spell do you actually…
Mike: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Right? You don't have to make up, although I tended to give you a little more.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no, no, it… I was about to… there's… there's layers here, right? Like, the stone is… is,
Mike: part enchantment, part… Transmutation and parts.
Mike: I'm sure.
Mike: But it's, like, the most complex piece of magic you've probably ever seen.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So…
Mike: It looks similar to the… to the pillars, actually.
Mike: Which are much simpler.
Mike: But have some of the same magical elements.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, so YOLO is going to attempt to lob the artifact On a high arc.
Eric Rosenbaum: to land at Justice, turn and fly towards one of the hatches.
David S. Kong: Let's roll initiative.
Mike: Small initiative, yeah, that's a good idea.
Tim Sackton: Somebody wanna, who has alert?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I do.
Mike: I have a word. Joel has alert!
Kate Sackton: I'm almost… I'm on our team right now.
Tim Sackton: Okay, if you roll well, Drain, and let me go first, I can try and break him out of this.
Tim Sackton: I rolled us 3.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I'm retconning healing myself in the last 10 minutes. I just realized I only have 3 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would have been wise for me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 3rd level cure wounds on myself. I got an 8 on initiative.
David S. Kong: I also got an aid on Initiative. Shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: 21.
David S. Kong: Oh, fuck.
Kate Sackton: What do I do.
Mike: Yeah, kid.
Mike: 22, okay?
David S. Kong: Yes, save us.
Mike: So, are you swapping with… you can swap with Finnen.
Kate Sackton: I'm swapping with Finan.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I will drop… Detect Magic.
Tim Sackton: And I will use calm emotions.
Tim Sackton: To end any charm or frightened conditions on…
Mike: YOLO. It's a DC-15 charisma saving throw.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Eric?
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I got a text message.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to make a, what safe?
Tim Sackton: Charisma saving throw?
Tim Sackton: DC15.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a total of one.
Mike: Total of one.
Tim Sackton: So, any, any effect that is, that is a charm, that's charm or… or frightened.
Audio shared by Mike: You are immune to the charmed and frightened conditions until the spell ends.
Tim Sackton: If you're already charmed or frightened, those conditions are suppressed for the next minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO looks like he's snapping out of something.
Eric Rosenbaum: But still goes to throw the artifact to justice anyway, but doesn't jump into the air to fly.
David S. Kong: But does not jump in the air, bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: Whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were we talking about?
Eric Rosenbaum: While launching that.
Mike: The stone, I mean, the stone flies like it's a tennis ball.
Mike: Right? Like, it's…
David S. Kong: Don't touch it. Justice, don't touch it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know, but I feel like I should also not just let it fall on the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who cares that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I knew.
Kate Sackton: poker.
Tim Sackton: Anybody who's within 20 feet of…
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Of YOLO is also immune to charm and frightening conditions for the next minute.
Tim Sackton: You can voluntarily fail the save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Excellent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we're all within 20 feet, do you think?
Kate Sackton: who's trying to encircle…
Mike: basically trying to intercept him, so I think that's plausible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Justice does not have speedy reflexes. I think Justice thinks, oh, I'm gonna grab my cloak, and I'll pull it around, and I'll catch it in the cloak, and I'll tie it up, but by the time he finishes thinking through that, already he has caught the crystal in his hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: You catch the crystal.
Mike: But… It's very white. Your hair stands up.
Kate Sackton: Drain was with… Justice, like, rummaging through bodies, trying to find, like, spare something to…
Mike: Yep.
Kate Sackton: all this thing around in, so I grab… I had already grabbed something.
Mike: Sorry, hold on one second.
Mike: Sorry, the… the…
Mike: But is there a problem? The shared Spotify account is… is a problem in our household. I'm being… I'm being kicked off Spotify.
Mike: And… So…
Mike: But I can see if I can find music on Apple Music to share, or somebody else can put on and share music.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice tosses the stone up a few times. That's… That's really weird.
Mike: It's weirdly light, yeah, and it's, like, it… when you… when you hold it, it,
Mike: Like, when you're near it, it's, like, has this static electricity, kind of.
Mike: Kind of vibe.
Kate Sackton: So does wrapping it in fabric help? So we… I hand… I, you know, have a…
Kate Sackton: Cloak from… recovered from a body.
Kate Sackton: And we tried wrapping it up.
Mike: Yeah, I mean… You can… You can wrap it up,
Mike: This suppresses charm for a minute.
Mike: But it doesn't just sell it, right?
Tim Sackton: No, they're just suppressed for the duration. Okay.
Tim Sackton: So I will tell… while I'm sort of humming this counter-charm, I'll also tell Echo…
Tim Sackton: That this only lasts for a minute, and…
Tim Sackton: I don't know what will happen to…
Tim Sackton: YOLO when it ends, so let's…
Tim Sackton: Quickly get out of this room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good. Just kidding.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pass the swale through the hatches.
Audio shared by Mike: Exit, clearly.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: admit, it seemed like it would be really nice to go down there, but I'd,
Eric Rosenbaum: Not sure what I was thinking there.
David S. Kong: Echo is definitely, like, motivated to try to get back to Enriquez now that we've got this. He's like…
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Let's hurry back as soon as we can.
Mike: that, too, Kanku could just…
Kate Sackton: You two fly ahead. Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: just fly ahead, right? Do it. Yeah. Go, go, go. Normally…
Mike: 400 feet or something that, right? Like, you could literally just fly back to them and…
Audio shared by Mike: Less than a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Echo, maybe you should hold the thing, though.
Audio shared by Mike: In the blanket.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or maybe we want to limit the spread of… Disease here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or I could hold the thing, I don't mind.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll hold it in the blanket.
Audio shared by Mike: Not being in physical contact with it seems to be… I mean, you don't… You don't,
Audio shared by Mike: Nothing seems to be… happening when you hold it.
Audio shared by Mike: In the blanket.
Mike: You're.
Kate Sackton: Feathers don't puff up.
Audio shared by Mike: Well, there's still a bit of static, but it… but it doesn't…
Audio shared by Mike: Nothing's happening. You're not feeling any, like, effects.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright. Stop.
Mike: you… So what are the rest… are the rest of you just waiting here?
Kate Sackton: No, we're doing, we'll follow.
Audio shared by Mike: towards the Dracus, but… Wow, okay, so remember…
Audio shared by Mike: This place is set up with a,
Audio shared by Mike: You can climb out the ceiling. There's, like, these… the… the… the six…
Mike: Metal columns, the magical, 6 magical metal columns, enter into this large room through the ceiling.
Audio shared by Mike: But where they enter is wider.
Mike: Considerably wider than the actual thing, so you can kind of climb down.
Mike: you could kind of winkle your way down through the… through the ceiling there. And then there's, like, 20 feet, and then there was this room that was full of, like, angry lightning.
Tim Sackton: Right, but we… how did we get that? I don't even remember how we got here, but it wasn't too lightning.
Mike: You have a floating rock that Echo and YOLO can tap, can tuck.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Mike: If Echo and YOLO fly back to a Dracus.
Audio shared by Mike: You can't get back to your footing rock. You… you're stuck.
Kate Sackton: Well, we could climb up, maybe, conceivably climb up to the ceiling and get on the floating.
Mike: Absolutely. Yeah, no, no, easily.
Audio shared by Mike: go anywhere. Correct.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That gives us at least a little distance.
Mike: Yeah, okay. So… so you're gonna… you're gonna park on your floating rock, and… And wait for… yellow and…
Mike: That gonna come back?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Basically.
Mike: And… and… Okay, so… you fly back to Adracus, I mean, he looks…
Mike: Like, he's… he's still kind of sitting there, The…
Mike: Like, with his… with his arms, like, sort of…
Mike: he's actually sitting, like, cross-legged, right? And, like, you can see he's, like, his arms are kind of…
Mike: Touching two spots, almost where it looks as you get closer and see the thing you're carrying.
Mike: there's basically an arc where this is a piece taken out of, right, like, a circle that has, like, four…
Mike: loosely connected arcs to it. This is one of them, and he's kind of sitting where this used to be. Sort of basically himself forming the…
Mike: Missing part of the circle.
Mike: And… He walks up very… Like, when you…
Mike: Fly up, he looks up, like…
Mike: Sort of gritting his teeth, like, did you find it?
David S. Kong: Echo reveals, opens up the blanket to reveal the stone.
Mike: thank you.
David S. Kong: Master, what do I do with it now?
Mike: we can… Restore it to this…
Mike: to this mechanism. With luck, that will restore the balance.
David S. Kong: Do I just price it in physically?
Mike: Yes, I… Although, side note, you had previously discussed
Mike: waiting to fix things until you had gone back to the Fae Realm.
Mike: Right? Because you are afraid that the…
Mike: Portals would close when you fix things.
David S. Kong: Oh…
David S. Kong: What do you guys think?
Tim Sackton: I mean, we're not there, but Finnan would… when… Vote for trying, you know.
Tim Sackton: It's gonna be a little complicated, but the time… shift.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Tim Sackton: To try, at least, to go back and… See what we can do.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a Dracus has some ideas.
David S. Kong: Master, can you hold on for longer?
Mike: Days, yes, weeks, no.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what did we determine about the time shift?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was it 1-2? What was it?
Mike: Went… went to 4.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's… 1 day in there was four days here.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What, so that gives us… call it, like, 6 hours, maybe, there?
Mike: Wow, days, not weeks.
Mike: Gives you, like, a 24-hour.
Tim Sackton: A day, but…
Mike: Right. Definitely not.
Mike: Maybe a little bit more, but not really much more than a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Mike: I can… I can hold on…
Mike: For a few days, if you have Wha- Why? He says.
Mike: What do you hope to achieve by waiting to repair this rip?
Mike: Yeah, Nico.
Mike: We can't hear you. You're muted.
David S. Kong: there are… some loose ends in the Fae Realm. We believe that once the stone is… is,
David S. Kong: Restored, the portals will all close.
Mike: Yes, wow, he says, clothes.
Mike: the… The chaotic ones, they will close.
Audio shared by Mike: this…
Mike: place.
Mike: he says to Echo is… is one of… Free.
Mike: places in this… Sacred Chasm.
Mike: that… Keep.
Mike: the planes from…
Mike: He sort of looks like he's struggling for a word.
Mike: that keep the planes from…
Mike: Crossing?
Mike: Think of it like… like a river.
Mike: And if the river doesn't run smoothly, if it… if two rivers collide, you get rapids.
Mike: And in this place where the… the… Planes are drawn… Many planes are drawn close.
Mike: to Talgar.
Mike: And if… if the… F.
Mike: If they cross, if they mix.
Mike: You get chaos, like we see now.
Mike: So… Which portals will close when it's stabilized?
Mike: do not know, but I… Have never heard of, where is this?
Mike: loose ends?
David S. Kong: In the farewell.
Mike: Portal to the Feywild, I have not… Known to be here.
Mike: It is the elemental planes, air and… Water.
Mike: That this place is known for.
Mike: As you will learn.
Mike: Someday.
Mike: If you continue your studies.
Mike: So that… may vanish.
Mike: When the machinery is restored.
David S. Kong: The portals to the elemental planes?
Mike: The portals to… to places that are not the elemental points.
David S. Kong: I see, yeah.
David S. Kong: Well…
David S. Kong: Let us not waste any more time. Again, Master, if you can persevere for a bit longer, we will return as soon as we can.
Mike: Yes, read this here.
Mike: If I… I cannot… Allow further damage to this… place for…
David S. Kong: I understand. Yeah, if you… if you need to, just…
David S. Kong: Unify the rock, and we'll figure it out.
Mike: I wish you the best, and I hope you are not… Lost to us.
David S. Kong: I hope so as well.
David S. Kong: Echo, is everybody… was that just me and… me and Andrikas? Like, we're… everybody.
Mike: YOLO is kind of standing around the corner, but…
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Alright, fly back to the party.
David S. Kong: Let's go. We've only got limited time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, where are we going?
Mike: Back to… Melusa?
Mike: I think, right?
Mike: So, remember, for those who maybe have forgotten some of the history here…
Eric Rosenbaum: You were asleepy, yeah.
Mike: Or missed some of the history due to nap time. You had, so…
Mike: the adventure began, you were trapped in this… in this ice labyrinth, right? And when you escaped it, you found yourself in Melusa, this village, which…
Mike: seemed completely disconnected from time. It had been isolated for thousands of years, as far as you can tell. Although, apparently, I mean…
Mike: time runs slower there, so it was less, from their perspective, that had been isolated. And the people there.
Mike: Worshipped a…
Mike: clearly Faye Lord of some kind, named the Frostbinder, who they call, who they thought was Zifa's henchman. They called him Thakar.
Mike: End.
Mike: vision him as… so Zip is, like, the…
Mike: this ancient Gustavo myth about… or a reality about, sort of, the… the…
Audio shared by Mike: The parent of trickster and troublesome spirits.
Mike: Melissa was… supposedly… It's this village, right, that believes it's in…
Mike: in Zypha's domain, as far as you could tell, it's not really Zypha's domain, it's actually… it's actually a…
Mike: Feylord, who rules this place.
Mike: It seems it's… it…
Audio shared by Mike: You… you don't…
Mike: I mean, it seems like a constrained kind of place, right? The… You couldn't…
Mike: leave it, right? Like, there… there was mists kind of all around the edges, right? Like, you couldn't,
Mike: You couldn't…
Mike: Belusa was, like, was, like, a small place, right? Like, there was a village on a ledge, there was, like, 3 floating rocks in the middle of the chasm. Like, it clearly was echo… an echo of the chasm.
Mike: There was 3 floating rocks, one had an ice palace on it that we're looking at here, one had, like, a…
Mike: Jungly food land, and another had, like, a, Cattle farm, basically.
Mike: And you talked to a bunch of people in the village, and then you met the lord, the fey lord, who seemed…
Mike: Insane?
Mike: At some level, he kept… he kept changing his personality in the middle of the conversation.
Mike: And… But, ultimately.
Mike: You told him he didn't really believe that you actually were real from the outside world, and you ultimately convinced him… you made a deal with him that you would take
Mike: A piece of his jewelry, and show it to the knight.
Mike: Right.
Mike: And then bring it back to him, and if he did that, he'd believe that you were actually real and had actually come from the outside world, instead of being…
Mike: Figments of his imagination, or… Or tricksters said to cause him trouble.
Mike: You never really clarified what the advantage to him of that would be, although there was some talk of working together to
Mike: closed the portals.
Mike: Between his realm and… The four ones that seemed dangerous, which were the metal one, the, weird.
Mike: Energy, one, a lightning stormy one, and an ash one.
Mike: so, you then left, and that's… and… but the idea is… You could go back.
Mike: Right, and give him back the necklace, I guess?
Kate Sackton: Has it seen the night?
Mike: Not yet.
Mike: You came out, it's all been… I mean, it's… it's getting towards dusk now, right?
Kate Sackton: But it's not, like, utterly timeless in here, like, we could be exposed to night, or do we have to go somewhere to find night?
Mike: No, as far as you can tell, you're in… well, other than the fact that there seems to be a lot of weird anti-gravity floaty stuff, you, as far as you know, are just in the chasm.
Mike: Like, the sun is moving across the sky normally.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so the sky is the sky, and we can see the sky from here.
Mike: Yes.
Mike: I mean, it's narrow, because you're looking straight up.
Mike: From the very far depth of the chasm, right?
Mike: The chasm's quite wide, the chasm's…
Mike: Actually, it's probably not there, because the chasm's, like, 50 miles across or something.
Mike: So… or 20 miles, and you know, the chasm's huge, right? So, you're just in the middle, right?
Mike: It's deeper than you've ever been.
Mike: Right? Such that you probably can't even really clearly make out the… you can't, like, make out the top very clearly. Like, actually.
Mike: What would it even look like to be in it?
Mike: 10 miles down in a chasm. I don't really know how to even picture that.
Kate Sackton: It's probably, like, not knowing that you're in a, like, low-lying piece of land between some mountain ranges. You can't see them.
Kate Sackton: Right?
Mike: But you're fairly close to the wall, so the wall must be going up and up and up on one side.
Mike: But it's just gonna… it's gonna… get out of your… like, you're just… you're deep enough, you're a couple miles down, at least, so…
Mike: I think the optical perception would be odd, but yes, you can see the sky.
Kate Sackton: You can see the sky, and a kind of… infinite.
Mike: And actually.
Kate Sackton: But…
Mike: By now, the sun is… the sun is over the edge of the chasm, right? Like, the sunset's gonna be… it's gonna… you're gonna lose the sun very early in the day, because… because of the ankle, right? So…
Mike: you're in shadow.
Mike: But you can still see this light in the sky.
Mike: But probably not for that much longer.
Kate Sackton: I think we only wanted to help the Bay not be crazy, because it seemed like it would increase the likelihood of us being able to get the people out of Melusa who want to leave Melusa.
Kate Sackton: And we told the Malusam resistance, so to speak, to, like, get people ready.
Kate Sackton: So we could go in… I mean, it might be nice to have the night thing.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we could short rest.
Tim Sackton: How long is it until… Dusk?
Mike: Not long.
Mike: an hour, maybe? Like, it's hard to say, actually, because you can't see the sun.
Mike: Because it's… the sun has already gone over the horizon as far as the edge of the chasm is concerned.
Mike: Right, so it's gotta be… And it's split.
Mike: January, so… and you're fairly far north, right? So, I don't know, it's maybe 2.30 in the afternoon, but the sun probably sets at 4.
Mike: Something like that. It could be 3.30, it's hard to know.
Kate Sackton: an hour of Adrakus' time here is only an hour of Adracus' time here, it's not…
Mike: If you're gonna rest, you're much better off doing it on this side, better than on the other side, because it's 4 times as long on the other side.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we… we rest, we show it to the sky, we go back, we get the people who want to leave to leave, we come back here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We fix it.
Kate Sackton: I like that blend, Justice.
David S. Kong: Done.
Mike: When you're short resting?
Audio shared by Mike: For a long resting.
Tim Sackton: Short resting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Assuming it'll roughly be night by the time.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, by the time you're done, the sky, you can see stars by the time you're done short resting, for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'll do a short rest. Oh, hit dice, right.
Mike: You can burn hit dice to get back hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I…
Eric Rosenbaum: We need 10 plus 2…
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess…
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do, like, if I didn't get enough, can I, like, add another one?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can… you can spend them one by one, if you want.
Eric Rosenbaum: I closed it, and it cleared them… Whatever, I'll just do more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wipe, I don't think I actually took the short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but that didn't reset my…
Mike: points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Psionic power… You regain one expended psionic energy die.
Tim Sackton: You might have to just manually regain.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: It might not do it.
Mike: Correctly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and then second wind… Regain one when you finish your quest, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I think I'm all set. Thank you.
Mike: Okay, is everybody short-rested?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay, so you…
Mike: Okay, one second.
David S. Kong: What is this music? Why do I know this music? What movie is this music from?
Audio shared by Mike: This is The Light of Seven from Game of Thrones.
Audio shared by Mike: with friends as well.
David S. Kong: Where'd this evil guy?
Audio shared by Mike: it's actually pretty good for the South!
Mike: Who… okay, so you… you… you can still see the portal is here, you can go through it.
Tim Sackton: Our rope's still hanging out.
Mike: Your road's still hanging out.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? So you could climb up your rope and… or you could just push this floating rock up to be even to the…
Audio shared by Mike: To the gash.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This rope has been the real hero of this whole adventure.
Mike: If only it was the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Understood.
Mike: So… okay, so…
David S. Kong: Oh my gosh, wait, we're 18 years before what happened before, right? What if this rope becomes the ladder?
Mike: It's the… it's the proto-ladder.
David S. Kong: What if this rope is the ladder?
Kate Sackton: As a young adventurer.
David S. Kong: What if our whole thing right here is actually a prequel story for the latter?
Mike: That means was that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally what it is.
Tim Sackton: In the letter's mind, it clearly is.
Eric Rosenbaum: letter. I am your father.
Mike: So… Who's… Who's going through first?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll look at YOLO.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Olo shrugs, and… lamps.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We did warn… we warned the old dude not to touch the stone, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, Bridge is gonna say yes.
Audio shared by Mike: He seems to be comfortable with his…
Mike: Relationship to the stone.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay. He, he, he… he was, he was happy to…
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, you left it wrapped up, kind of sitting next to him, right? No, it's all good.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, hold on one second.
Audio shared by Mike: So YOLO jumps through.
Audio shared by Mike: Twilight.
Audio shared by Mike: Signed out of…
Mike: How did I get signed out of D&D Beyond?
Mike: Why do I have to put in my data? Hold on a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it did that to me just now. I'm gonna… I switched…
Audio shared by Mike: to new Mac.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a lot of things I'm re-signing into, and I had to put in my birthdate.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I remember my birthdate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or does it do the same?
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Today is the Share Your Birth Date.
Kate Sackton: Dave with DLBank.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unlocked all that nudity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's… we actually just recently had to do something like that for Scratch, and it's super annoying for everyone, because all of a sudden, I have to do a new compliance step.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that stuff.
Mike: So…
Audio shared by Mike: YOLO jumps through.
Audio shared by Mike: That… yeah, I mean, you just see him disappear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll follow.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I guess…
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then I'll… Follow cautiously.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice is fine, yeah.
Mike: One second.
Mike: It's all talk… it's all chat with Eric tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, it keeps me awake.
Mike: Who comes through second?
Mike: That's me. You guys, like, you just jump right after… right after yellow? You wait for a minute.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I… You know, like, give it… 12 seconds, and then go?
Mike: Okay, you jumped through. Who's next?
Kate Sackton: Either Finnan or me, we sort of…
Mike: And are you just going one… are you going right after you're waiting?
Kate Sackton: Again, yeah, like a 12-second window.
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll follow, sort of, immediately behind Drain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, I'm gonna… I'm gonna bless the first three of us through the… Through the gate, I think.
Mike: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: So, you, Tim Finnan's going right after Drain?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: And… Kong, what's Echo doing?
David S. Kong: Echo… Echo, I think, is gonna bail on this whole thing and just head home.
Mike: go back to hang out with the Traecus.
Mike: They, they went, like.
David S. Kong: You know what? I think they're gonna be fine.
David S. Kong: What's the big… no, Echo, we'll pause, gotta give a big sigh, and then…
Audio shared by Mike: Next steps through.
Tim Sackton: Kinda how bad it feels.
Tim Sackton: Are we doing this again?
David S. Kong: Integrity? I don't know.
Mike: You didn't.
Audio shared by Mike: Well, hold on, I just need to see if… but, but…
Audio shared by Mike: Hold on one second, you see,
Audio shared by Mike: So…
Audio shared by Mike: Kate, when Drain comes through.
Mike: you see, there's, like, Well, all of you, and those who come right behind Drayne.
Mike: You can see, when you come flying through… when you come through this… this portal, there's, like, a mass of these, like, little…
Mike: Little, tiny, glowing, wispy creatures.
Mike: You actually saw these before, in the very… in the labyrinth. They, like, would dart towards you and, like, put out lights and do a small bit of damage, but before, there was, like, 3 or 4, now there's, like, 50 of them.
Mike: And most of them swarm… are swarming around YOLO, like, attacking and stinging and flashing him with… with, these little… these little…
Mike: shocks. A handful… some of them are swarming around,
Mike: justice. Like, some of them have come towards justice, and then… there's a… there's… some of them come towards…
Mike: That was you.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh.
Mike: and… you take 4 points of damage.
Audio shared by Mike: And then…
Kate Sackton: I take four points of energy.
Mike: You take 4 points of damage.
Mike: And then, the rest of, like, as everybody comes in right behind you, they're distracted.
Mike: so, you can now see…
Mike: There's a whole bunch of these wispy things flying around, right? They seem to have been in a dense mass right by the portal.
Mike: you just, like, smashed into that… smashed through them as you came through. The…
Mike: You see the… in front of you, there is these giant blocks of ice shattered, like a 40-foot-tall statue of a,
Mike: Wolf has crashed into the ground and broken into many pieces.
Mike: You can also see the, the…
Mike: purple-white portal, the one that… that… the, like, weird white portal that was, like, flashing different lights.
Mike: has,
Mike: Has, like, there's, like, these cracks running through the… the, the wall from it to the two portals that are next to it.
Mike: So, the one to the… one to the next of it is… is… metal, and there's… these cracks are, like… there's, like, this swirling mass of, like… of, like, sharp metal, and there's, like, you see, as you come through, you see, like.
Mike: A spike come flying out of the… of the portal and, like, smash into… into the ground, like, at high velocity.
Mike: And then on the other side is the, Ashy.
Mike: Ashy one, and you can see, like, this… there's, like.
Mike: bellowing clouds of ash are, like, coughing out of it, and there's, like… like, you see… there's, like… you can actually see there's, like, ash dust on some of the pieces of the ice wolf.
Mike: There seem to be no people around here at the immediate moment.
David S. Kong: Where's the resistance?
Kate Sackton: Well, it's clearly not a safe place to stand, so…
Mike: I mean, by no people here, I mean they're not… there's nobody within, like, 100 feet. Like, the village, remember, this is, like.
Mike: Set back 100 or 200 feet from the village, and whatever the guards who were here before seem to have left.
Mike: Your immediate problem, though, is these… these.
Audio shared by Mike: Wispy things that are about to swarm around and bite you some more, unless you do something, so…
Mike: you could…
Kate Sackton: I mean…
Mike: You could run away, you could…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's move away from the portal. Are they attached to the portal, or attached to us at this point, if we start to move in?
Kate Sackton: Who knows?
Mike: they… When you came through the portal, it was like you appeared in a cloud of them.
Mike: Right? And, I mean, this is all actually just one moment, right? Like, think of it as…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Mike: as, like, a combat round, right? So, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, well, ju- justice will… Wave them away, like annoying little biting insects, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, move… his full move away from the portal.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Yellow?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, also just moving away.
Mike: echo?
David S. Kong: Echo came through and wasn't actually actively attacked by anything.
Mike: They were all distracted by other people.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Echo will just fly away, just, just, away from the portal.
Mike: Finan and… and drain?
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just…
Mike: Same.
Tim Sackton: try and… Get outta here.
Mike: They're all just, like, sprinting away from them as fast as you can, so… so… Double move, that situation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike: They don't seem to be chasing you, but, like, as you're running.
Mike: They… they… it takes a second for them to,
Mike: It takes a second to, like, for them to…
Mike: disappear off you, right? So, like, as you run.
Mike: away. It's like they're almost, like, being drawn back towards the portal, but they, like, dash around you anyway.
Audio shared by Mike: they…
Mike: successful… so they're, like, flying, and, like, you're trying to bot them off with your shield and stuff like that. Drain, you get hit for another 5 points of damage, and Finnen gets hit for 5 points of damage, and the rest of you fend them off successfully.
Mike: And now you can see, like, the portal to…
Audio shared by Mike: to…
Mike: the…
Audio shared by Mike: bye.
Mike: back out is, like, covered. They've all now retreated back to the portal. You're maybe now 50 feet away. And it's, like, this dense, sparkly white…
Mike: filling the… And…
Kate Sackton: We're not born.
Mike: Out of the portal, right?
Tim Sackton: What else do we see?
Audio shared by Mike: The…
Mike: the… So, as you get a little bit further away, I mean…
Mike: village is still there, right? As… as before, there was…
Mike: as before, there was, like, a small village on one side of the…
Mike: of the river and a bigger one on the other side. The river's still flowing, the pond is still there where the fish were, the fish seemed to still be there.
Mike: the ice palace is still floating, there's no bridge out, and you can see, the… the palace looks dark, right? Like, there's… there's no…
Mike: Movement in it, like, it almost looks…
Mike: check that, like, they're just… it seems almost a bit… it almost looks at first glance, like…
Mike: There's just… when you first came here, there was, like, guards moving around and stuff, but there's nothing there.
Mike: there doesn't seem to be… I mean, you see a salmon jump as you're watching.
Mike: You recall that to the right, like, as you're facing the palace, to the right was where, like,
Mike: to heart, the… Sorry, I'm trying to find language.
Mike: Tap in everybody's names.
Mike: But… to the right was where the, no, that's in the town called Melusa.
Mike: was where Zahara.
Audio shared by Mike: And they're, like, allies.
Mike: you never actually met Zahara, but, like, their ally, Iskander, was, like, over…
Mike: To the village to the right, kalima's…
Mike: brother, or claim the sister, like, relatives were to the village to the left.
Mike: You don't… there's no… people.
Mike: standing… I mean, it's not like there's people standing around, right? Like…
Mike: You could head towards either of the parts of the villages that you know, you could go directly back to the palace.
Tim Sackton: So, Finan will take a moment and say to everybody, Let's not spend any…
Tim Sackton: More time than we absolutely have to here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: and… I see no reason to go to the palace.
Kate Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Just… take 10 minutes and try and…
Tim Sackton: Find anybody who's willing to leave.
Tim Sackton: I'd get them through the portal.
Kate Sackton: That would fulfill our obligation.
Tim Sackton: Should we… split up?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we see any evidence of people?
Eric Rosenbaum: In the villages?
Mike: Yeah, I mean…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, they're there?
Mike: The village doesn't look completely abandoned, right?
Mike: It's always been quiet, like, you've always gotten… every time you've gone outside, it's been, like…
Mike: People stay in their houses a lot more than normal.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? Like, like…
Mike: People aren't out working the fields. There's no… Fields to work, right?
Mike: So… It's always had kind of a quiet vibe, because people are…
Mike: you know, inside more, right? It's also…
Mike: cold, right? It's never warm. So…
Mike: there's not, like, 25 people sitting around the main square trading goods or something like that, right? But as you stand here, it's like, yes, you see somebody cross between two houses in the distance, right?
Tim Sackton: I, I… Finn's just gonna say, I think we just…
Tim Sackton: I mean, the palace is dark, we don't see any guards anywhere.
Mike: Palace is dark.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's just go.
Tim Sackton: just… Grab anyone you see.
Audio shared by Mike: Let's look especially for…
Tim Sackton: Iskender?
Tim Sackton: Run in that direction, make some noise, get people out on the streets, and…
Audio shared by Mike: And just quickly tell them.
Tim Sackton: What's happening?
Tim Sackton: But this place falling apart, I don't think we have long.
Tim Sackton: I certainly don't want to get trapped here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are they all gonna go?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well… I'll find out when they get there.
Tim Sackton: I mean…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I… anybody who's willing to jump into the unknown can come with us. Anybody who's not, I don't think there's anything we can do for them.
Kate Sackton: I don't know if everyone is missing by…
Kate Sackton: their own volition. There seems to have been…
Kate Sackton: a body that was lying on the ground here, and I perceive that it's been dragged away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: But maybe it was a guard, and the Iskunders people revolted, and… Well, the first thing we.
Tim Sackton: All you gotta do is go to Iskenders quickly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Mike: They're gonna head over there.
Kate Sackton: this guy.
Tim Sackton: Maybe send… I'll say to Dread, can you send Rolla to scout over the… didn't…
Tim Sackton: Zahara have a base on one of the islands?
Mike: Yeah, they had a hideout on the jungle island.
Kate Sackton: So, Sunbrella to… look for the people who would be using the Jungle island as a base. Yes.
Kate Sackton: I was trying to figure out where Rolla would go that was any further than where we are right now, but that's a good idea. The other island is a good idea.
Mike: Can Rawa talk? Is… can you say… I forget what Rawa can do.
Kate Sackton: I think she just…
Tim Sackton: Raw cannot talk, but, you know… Can understand you.
Mike: Right, okay, so you could tell Rolla to do something X, and then Rolla could do it.
Mike: So what are you telling Rolla to do?
Kate Sackton: I mean, can I… but I have…
Kate Sackton: I can ritual speak with animals, or even not ritual if I'm in a hurry.
Kate Sackton: Right?
Kate Sackton: Maybe it's only not ritual.
Mike: No, you can speak with it, yeah, you can speak with animals, you can ritual speak with animals.
Tim Sackton: But… but Rolla understands you no matter what. It's only to understand…
Tim Sackton: Correct. But if there's… you can just tell her, if there's people, just come back and…
Tim Sackton: Fly around and squawk twice, and if.
Mike: There's no…
Tim Sackton: People come back and…
Mike: Spock once. You don't have to speak with animals to communicate simple messages, but if you're… but…
Kate Sackton: We need some sort of code, like Finnen just said, because I…
Kate Sackton: I need to know what Rolla finds out.
Mike: I just mean you have to pre-tell Rolla.
Mike: Rawa can't describe what she sees, right? So you have to tell me what you're telling Rolla, so I can tell you what Rolla does.
Kate Sackton: Rala needs to fly to the island.
Kate Sackton: Look for a hidden…
Mike: This thing that we've all been…
Kate Sackton: Shown, or just told?
Mike: Described. Told.
Kate Sackton: So I describe it as it was described, and I say, look for people there.
Kate Sackton: If you get close and investigate thoroughly and you don't see any people, when you come back, just fly quietly. And if you…
Kate Sackton: When you come back and you do see people there.
Kate Sackton: Give your usual calls to tell me that it was inhabited.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: and you guys are heading over to Escandr's house?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ship.
Mike: so, you… You knock on the door, I mean…
Mike: you hear a voice, it's not a scander, who is it?
Kate Sackton: Friends of the Skanders?
Mike: Are you the strangest?
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Come in quickly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We do.
Mike: there is… you see, Person there, With sort of long…
Audio shared by Mike: Black hair, I mean, this is Zara.
Mike: you've… you've had Zara described to you before, there's 4 or 5 other people in the room.
Mike: And also…
Audio shared by Mike: dead.
Mike: body.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anyone we know?
Mike: The dead… you don't, let's see… the dead person, no, there's nobody you know,
Mike: You… you don't know any of these people.
Mike: You've had… you recognize, I mean, you recognize from descriptions of Hara.
Mike: And they sort of look up at you and say, You came back.
Kate Sackton: Were you trying to leave without us?
Mike: A… I don't know how…
Audio shared by Mike: They say.
Mike: at 8… the… The cracks got worse.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike: a…
Audio shared by Mike: A fist the size of…
Mike: Wow.
Mike: The size of a house.
Mike: Came out of that, that ashen wasteland, and… smashed the…
Mike: many things. It's all the guards and the ice wolf, and then disappeared.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: some… Tried to flee, but… those…
Mike: Those… that sparkling white kills if it touches you.
Mike: How did you come… How did you come through?
Kate Sackton: It hurt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wasn't fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Triton.
Kate Sackton: I was worried about that, like, normal people with armor versus us, or without armor versus us.
Kate Sackton: Ring.
Kate Sackton: Against the sloppers.
Mike: She, she points, at… at… The body, tari?
Mike: Tried to go through.
Mike: Once this… once the…
Audio shared by Mike: In the chaos, but…
Mike: I don't know how you survive it.
Kate Sackton: Well, each one…
Kate Sackton: Can only do a little damage, but when only one person is up against many of them.
Audio shared by Mike: It's too much for a person, alone.
Kate Sackton: We are… we are 5.
Kate Sackton: Almond.
Audio shared by Mike: Also, if it's…
Mike: Making attack rolls and doing 5 hit points per hit.
Mike: Two hits will kill a normal person, right?
Audio shared by Mike: Nope.
Audio shared by Mike: Maybe.
Audio shared by Mike: I… we've…
Mike: We've seen nothing from…
Audio shared by Mike: The palace, since… since the guards died.
Mike: that… the… Those who have gone and… tried to…
Mike: gain entrance have failed. We do not know where… What has happened to… Vodka, since… since this ice…
Mike: creature has… been destroyed. We… we do… no one seems to know what to do.
Mike: People are afraid.
Kate Sackton: Are they looking to you for leadership?
Mike: They laugh. No, of course not.
Mike: Too wild.
Mike: us here… We're hoping to… Flee.
Mike: But since Tarek's deaths have been stuck.
Kate Sackton: Is there anyone other than the people in this room who are looking to flee? Where is…
Mike: There's a few.
Mike: The scandre is, gathering a few others.
Mike: I mean, with 9 of you in the room, it's quite tight, like, these aren't big houses, right? Yeah.
Mike: There are a few others, but…
Audio shared by Mike: I worry now…
Mike: For those who might stay behind.
Audio shared by Mike: Well…
Mike: Is Vaccar… gone?
Mike: Will this place… Stay habitable.
Kate Sackton: They are making very dire choices if they choose to stay here, which we can explain to them.
Kate Sackton: But we don't have much time.
Mike: Like, it's… It's all pointless if… Leaving will kill us.
Kate Sackton: We can find a way to get back through. We are going back through.
Kate Sackton: End.
Audio shared by Mike: Anyone who wants to come with us.
Kate Sackton: Needs to be ready.
Kate Sackton: And anyone who can't be convinced to come with us.
Kate Sackton: We can't wait for days to convince them.
Mike: We're ready now.
Mike: We had some idea that it was safe to go.
Mike: They're pointing to the five of them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, I'll say, to drain a little… or in a little bit more quietly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have spared the dying, which means even if…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get taken down by these things. I can at least stabilize them long enough to push their bodies through. It's not ideal, but as a fallback, I mean, it's something.
Mike: Y-yeah?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I guess, like, don't worry, you won't really die, even though it appears that you're dying, is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It may be a hard sell.
Mike: Yeah? You could… you could… you could throw people through and cast Spare the Dying as they go. You have a 30-foot range, because you're 5th level.
Mike: Of course, if they came through on the other side with a narrow cliff and unconscious, they might fall into the chasm.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, somebody has to go first.
Kate Sackton: Your receiver, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Why not the Kenku? I'll look them.
Kate Sackton: Did we do that?
Tim Sackton: Can you…
Kate Sackton: Successfully against these light things when we were in the chasm, or just avoid them?
Tim Sackton: Or in the labyrinth, or just avoid them.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're possible to kill, but it seems like there's… Too many of them.
Tim Sackton: Although maybe Spirit Guardians?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: That would at least slow him down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Kate Sackton: That's, again, justice, so…
Tim Sackton: justice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I could… I could Spirit Guardians them.
Kate Sackton: And would that be compatible with the Spare the Dying effort?
Tim Sackton: That's fine. Spread of drowning's not concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the number of wisps we're talking about here?
Audio shared by Mike: A lot? 50, 100? More?
Audio shared by Mike: Probably, probably, like… Yeah, like, like…
Tim Sackton: But when we came through, they just kind of attacked whoever was the first thing.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on, huh.
Mike: They definitely swarmed more strongly around YOLO.
Mike: Who took a lot more damage than the rest of you.
Tim Sackton: So, who's… who's gonna tank it?
Tim Sackton: Justice?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): run in with Spirit Guardians, and… Why not?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can this spirit, can these things be destroyed? Like… Did we try…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hitting them to see if they go away.
Mike: you… They look similar to the things you fought in the Labyrinth.
Mike: There was 3 of them in the labyrinth, there's, like, 50 or 60 of them here, or maybe more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. I love spirit guardians. Really? Yeah.
Mike: The ones in the labyrinth you did kill.
Mike: Right? Like, they were hard, they were basically resistant to everything you did, but you did kill them.
Tim Sackton: I don't think we want to kill him, we just want to distract him enough for people to run through the portal.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike: Yep.
Kate Sackton: So if we get, like…
Tim Sackton: Half an hour. Anybody who's willing to go.
Tim Sackton: Meets Us on the edge of… there's, like, a…
Tim Sackton: an open space where the statue used to be, right?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, and there's, like.
Tim Sackton: Salmon pool.
Mike: Yeah, it's… the salmon pool… the one end of the salmon pool is close to the gate, one end of the salmon pool is close to the edge of the cliff. But then there's, like, an open space on the far end of it. So you could meet at the north edge of the… or east, whatever it is, the north edge of the salmon pool. Well, you don't know… there's no north, whatever direction… the cliff side of the salmon pool.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Yep, so…
Tim Sackton: We have to move fast, though.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Tim Sackton: I will… Finan will say to the group, I will take 20 minutes and go around… Making some noise.
Tim Sackton: And…
Audio shared by Mike: Being the town crier…
Tim Sackton: But I don't think we have the option to convince stragglers.
Kate Sackton: Yep, we'll make announcements, it's evacuation time.
Kate Sackton: You come to protect you as you exit.
Tim Sackton: So, maybe… Justice and Echo?
Tim Sackton: can be… Tanks?
Tim Sackton: YOLO, do you…
Tim Sackton: How do you feel about catching people as they come through?
Tim Sackton: How can we trust him to do that?
David S. Kong: to catch.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know why I love this? Because I get to tell them, you lived, you know?
Eric Rosenbaum: You only get one shot at this, and you made it. That's what I'm saying.
Kate Sackton: Full of joy.
Mike: Yeah?
Tim Sackton: Echo, as a polar bear, you can take some hits, right? Are you willing to try and draw off some of the wisps?
David S. Kong: dragging you that.
David S. Kong: Echo changes into a polar bear.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
David S. Kong: Or soon. Wait, he waits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe wait a few minutes, we gotta get the… we gotta… we gotta do this in one rush.
Tim Sackton: So… We gotta tell people, like, you've got 30 minutes to meet at the lake.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Tim Sackton: And then we make our push.
Tim Sackton: So, Finnen is not gonna wait for discussion. I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna, like, take my…
Tim Sackton: I guess I don't really have drums, but…
Tim Sackton: I can… I can do, like, a… like, a sort of up-tempo, percussion-y thing on my fiddle, and just start…
Tim Sackton: making noise. Like, the world is, like, you've been safe here, You've been protected.
Tim Sackton: You've been safe, but now it's time to leave. The world is ending, and we will lead you to safety.
Mike: The Pied Piper of Belusa.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike: Absolutely.
David S. Kong: There's a lake full of fish, right?
Tim Sackton: So you just want to go eat some fish?
David S. Kong: Kinda, but I'll wait.
Tim Sackton: No, that's actually good. Echo, you go eat some fish, and I will tell everybody, meet by the polar bear.
David S. Kong: Great.
Tim Sackton: So you're our landmark, don't stray too far.
David S. Kong: Alright. Echo will change into a polar bear and, start eating fish.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I could go in the opposite direction from VIN to amplify the signal in that direction.
Mike: But it is.
Mike: Wandering around, baking noise. People are starting to… to.
Mike: come out of their houses, right, and, like, look at you, like, there seems to be…
Mike: I don't know, make a… make a, performance.
Mike: Roll.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna use a look… well, actually, never mind. 25.
Kate Sackton: I'm especially looking around for Kalima and her family and their creepy baby, and
Kate Sackton: If they don't come out, we'll do some more thorough searching.
Kate Sackton: Mason.
Mike: sorry.
Tim Sackton: I want to give Drain Bardic inspiration before we separate.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: so… A lot of people are coming out.
Mike: As you sort of go through and… And… In the kind of… main…
Mike: In this sort of main splint, like.
Mike: There is sort of a square, it's not normally that coven, but there's maybe 50 people now kind of coming out of their houses to listen, and this older woman,
Mike: Sort of.
Mike: Walks up to you as you're… as you're playing.
Audio shared by Mike: kind of walking slowly, but directly towards Finn, and says, You.
Audio shared by Mike: Did you bring this?
Mike: Curse upon us?
Tim Sackton: I'll turn and look up at her.
Tim Sackton: And…
Audio shared by Mike: She's actually not that much… she's, like, kind of stooped over, she's barely taller than you.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Here's how.
Mike: But not by much.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So…
Audio shared by Mike: Finan's going to…
Tim Sackton: Spin this as… I…
Tim Sackton: I'm not interested in a confrontation. I don't have time, I'm not gonna get drawn into a long argument with her, but I'll be polite.
Tim Sackton: you know, that this… The end of this place was…
Tim Sackton: Always tied up in its creation.
Tim Sackton: when you're… Ancestors, 7 by 7… what was it? 7x7 generations ago?
Mike: By 7 generations ago.
Tim Sackton: Fled here for safety from the chaos of… the world around.
Tim Sackton: They created a place that Could never be permanent.
Tim Sackton: And now it's time to leave.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what will happen to those of you who choose to stay, but I'm not gonna force anybody to do anything.
Tim Sackton: And I'll sort of give her a little bow, but I'm not gonna engage in conversation if she keeps trying to talk to me. I'm walking away, just continuing to play my song.
Mike: She doesn't… I mean, she sort of listens as you talk, but doesn't seem…
Mike: that convinced. As you turn your back, she sort of calls out,
Mike: A… she calls out to kind of the group.
Mike: Capricious God is better than a missing God.
Mike: these people.
Mike: took… Balquin, and are refusing to bring him back.
Tim Sackton: I'm not gonna get drawn into an argument. I'm just gonna… I'm just gonna say again, I… we don't know what's gonna happen to people who stay.
Tim Sackton: And I'm gonna keep moving and try and find new people. I want to make sure we cover…
Tim Sackton: as much of the village as possible in the next, like, 15 minutes, and also find Kalima.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Oh.
Audio shared by Mike: drained by the… I mean, sorry, kid, I don't know if I told you, there was nobody…
Audio shared by Mike: Rawa came back quiet. There was no people there. But you might have gathered that from the fact that Zahara was…
Audio shared by Mike: In the hut.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, so… the…
Audio shared by Mike: as Finn turns your back, like, there's kind of an angry murmur in the crowd. Like, you haven't really convinced them that
Audio shared by Mike: Like, there's a few people who are like, yeah, okay, maybe we should leave, and are, like, heading towards the polar bear, but most people seem to be looking towards this older woman, and…
Mike: the Ice Palace, and sort of… uncertainty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think at about this point, Justice probably circles back and… and meets up with Finan.
Mike: Yeah. So what's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's going on here, Finnen?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They don't… they don't look super convinced.
Kate Sackton: Tough.
Tim Sackton: I… Yeah, I'm not sure if Finnen is actually, like…
Tim Sackton: I don't think I feel a deep obligation to… convince these people.
Tim Sackton: I mean… I'm not sure I believe that it's possible.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna give it a shot, but… so I'll tell Justice, I mean.
Tim Sackton: these people have lived their whole lives here. Change is hard, I don't know what's gonna happen, but…
Tim Sackton: I want to make sure that everybody hears our message, so that anybody who is open to change
Tim Sackton: Can take the opportunity, because this…
Tim Sackton: I do not want to get trapped here. We cannot stay here for long, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike: tell me when you know what you want to do, but just, on the other side of the village, I mean, you do find, Escandar,
Mike: And another, maybe, 10 people are in the, sort of.
Mike: chaos, like, the sort of disruptive change crowd. You do find Kalima is…
Mike: is here, right? Her family is here, there's maybe 30 people There's maybe about 40 people.
Mike: gathering around the polar bear at this point. Mostly from the… the,
Mike: You know, mostly from the,
Mike: dissent sort of group, but then some who have just sort of decided to take a risk. But there also seems to be
Mike: There's a lot of people, kind of, looking at the deadly
Mike: Mesh of light, and kind of looking around, like,
Mike: You hear some mutters, like, is this… won't we just die?
Mike: But anyway, go back to the crowd of 50, sort of, with a few people weaving.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I don't have a great mental image of how big this village is, but Finnen's main goal is to make sure that everybody in the village hears what he has to say in the next
Tim Sackton: Within 20 minutes of us deciding.
Mike: It's not… physically, it's like…
Mike: 3, 4, like, the… there's two villages separated by maybe 500 feet from each other. The one on the… on the…
Mike: north side of the river, or the one side of the river and one on the other side of the lake, right? Pond more than lake, really. But the physical village is… I mean, it's small.
Audio shared by Mike: You're talking…
Mike: The bigger one, which is the one Finn is in now, is…
Audio shared by Mike: maybe… 35 houses?
Mike: 40 houses, like…
Audio shared by Mike: and fairly tightly packed, right? So, like, it's not like a perfect circle, but it's…
Mike: probably everybody standing right here having this discussion with this older woman, you pitch your voice to Carrie, everybody in this part of the village can hear it. Right? You're not talking about, like… like…
Mike: Oh, gosh. A huge distance, right?
Tim Sackton: So I'm not talking to the woman, I'm…
Mike: Yeah, no.
Tim Sackton: talking to the crowd. Yes. And I'm… the last thing I'm gonna say is… Just…
Tim Sackton: So, something like, you know, just watch.
Tim Sackton: And be ready, because there's gonna be a small moment of time when the… Dangerous lights.
Tim Sackton: are distracted, and it will be safe to run through. And if you want to get out of here.
Tim Sackton: You must catch that opportunity.
Tim Sackton: But this… Gateway will not be open forever.
Tim Sackton: In fact, It likely won't be open for much longer at all.
Tim Sackton: So, if you'd prefer to stay.
Tim Sackton: As far as we know, everything's gonna go back to normal once it's closed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cut.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice will say to you, Justice, feeling more of an obligation to help get those people out, perhaps, than you do…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why don't we just get their… their fae lord to tell them all to leave?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then they'll all do what he says.
Tim Sackton: Being so risky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's, I was gonna say, is it the whole risk of, dying thing? Yeah, that's fair.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'd prefer to take a…
Tim Sackton: Very high chance of saving 20 people, then a low chance of saving 100 people.
Tim Sackton: I think if we go now… Well, hold up, no, no, hold up, hold up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): would you take a 20% chance? What you're saying is you would take a 20% chance of saving 100 people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Isn't that the way statistics work?
Tim Sackton: I've…
Tim Sackton: Spinning is not really a mathematician, although my intelligence is actually not…
Tim Sackton: My intelligence is pretty good, actually.
Tim Sackton: The… I don't know what's going on with this Feylord. The fact that the palace is dark, and the…
Tim Sackton: Guards are gone, and the… Ice Wolf is smashed? Mmm…
Kate Sackton: Did he leave already?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): positive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, look, let…
Tim Sackton: Look.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's link up the five of us and figure out together what to do, then.
Mike: Then you can meet back by the polar bear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's…
Tim Sackton: I… look…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's at least put our heads together. I don't think the two of us can make this decision for all five of us.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So, I…
Mike: around the polar bear, like, maybe… like I said, there's a core of maybe 20 or 25… I mean, the total population of the village is probably…
Mike: what, like, 3… about 500 people, maybe? A split across these two places. Maybe 400… between 400 and 500. You probably have about…
Mike: 35 people.
Mike: maybe 40, gathered around the polar bear. And a few stragglers, like…
Mike: 50, 60 feet away, kind of watching, but not committed.
Mike: And then there's another large group still kind of…
Mike: Watching, and you can… you can still hear this old woman sort of talking to this larger group that you've sort of walked away from.
Mike: assuming you… I mean, Tim, I take it that Finnen's was just gonna keep going, he wasn't, like…
Mike: engaging, unless Justice wants to engage.
Kate Sackton: So here's…
Kate Sackton: Justice, are you staying to talk to them, well, before they get all riled up by the lady, or you want to come talk to us?
Mike: Yeah, I want to come talk to you, I don't think I have a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): any… I'm no more persuasive, that's for sure.
Kate Sackton: I think that the problem is, Or…
Kate Sackton: My lack of motivation to save these people, to save these people, is that there's a group of people who have wanted to leave here for a while, who didn't like it as it was.
Kate Sackton: And there's… disruption is caused by the brokenness of the mechanisms that are gonna get fixed. The portals are gonna close.
Kate Sackton: Either it's gonna be fine here.
Kate Sackton: For the people who think that here is fine.
Kate Sackton: Or it's not. We will never know what happened to them.
Kate Sackton: But…
Kate Sackton: Like, we don't… it's not a 100% chance of disaster. Like, these… the people who'd like it here can possibly just stay here.
Kate Sackton: But the people who want to leave have this one shot.
David S. Kong: I mean, Justice, you could always stay.
David S. Kong: And just, you know?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm… Let me think on that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
David S. Kong: Quandary, or…
Tim Sackton: I will… I will say to Justice…
Tim Sackton: We don't know anything about this place.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we assume that it's somehow fae-related, but…
David S. Kong: Got good fish.
Tim Sackton: I am… I'm reluctant to assume That everybody here is completely… Wrong about their own lives.
Tim Sackton: I'm not saying it's a good place that I'd want to live in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mike, this is… remind me, I apologize, my poor memory from past sessions. This is… the Faey Lord is, like, they understand that to be…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the… West Wind, or the…
Mike: They think… no, they think he's the West Wind's lieutenant, or, like, henchman, or something like that, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, I think for justice, this, like, offends his… his, like…
Audio shared by Mike: His whole life has been in the service of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gestavo, like, all over these forests, like, there's a way that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, maybe you'll say, like,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If it was just a Feylord being a Faey lord, that's one thing, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To pretend to be a Gestavo, it's just not right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if the others would…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): still find me in their favor if I… Let it go unchallenged?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look, maybe we get these 20 out?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First, and then…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is reading the room and not seeing a strong show of support.
Tim Sackton: Aye.
Tim Sackton: Frenin… I mean, Frenin sympathizes with… I mean, we've traveled a lot together, right? So I think…
Tim Sackton: Finan kind of gets where justice is coming from, but…
Tim Sackton: You know, Shannon's not… he's not, like, exactly, like, you know…
Tim Sackton: prime directive, observe, don't meddle, but there's a little bit of that. Like, he's… he's here collecting stories, like, he wants to hear the people's stories and learn the history and record it, but not…
Tim Sackton: I'm not gonna judge peop- like, I get it, right? I mean, there's something about this place that kind of offends me, too.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In fairness, if I went into a halfling village, and you told me that you were offended by the halfling gods, I don't know that I really have a dog in that fight.
Tim Sackton: I will say…
Tim Sackton: If you… If you're convinced, That we really need to do something more?
Tim Sackton: I could summon an illusion… of… Malkin.
Tim Sackton: And have the illusion tell them all that this place is collapsing.
Tim Sackton: And they have to flee through the portal.
Tim Sackton: But I am not certain that is the right course of action, because I do not know if this place is actually collapsing.
Tim Sackton: And I don't know what kind of life these people will have on the other side.
Tim Sackton: They don't speak the language. They'll have no home.
Kate Sackton: I'll have to work for food instead of it growing on a magic island.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's take the 20.
Mike: Did you have a plan?
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Justice and Polar Bear.
Tim Sackton: You gotta distract the lights, so echo can lead to… Human runners through.
Audio shared by Mike: And…
Tim Sackton: Lie out and catch anybody who… Gets hit.
David S. Kong: It echo.
Tim Sackton: can…
David S. Kong: I can only have one job. I can't have two jobs.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, YOLO, YOLO, not Echo.
Tim Sackton: Yellow's the…
Tim Sackton: Echo and Justice are gonna be distractors. Get… try and get the things to swarm around you as much as possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And actually…
Eric Rosenbaum: throws them through, and then I catch him on the other side and toss him into the cabin. Got it.
Kate Sackton: Except!
Tim Sackton: Pizza!
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Tim Sackton: No, just… just catch, YOLO.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it. Catch and drop.
Tim Sackton: pitch, and… I mean, I don't know how much space… the floating platform we had was reasonably large, I believe.
Mike: Yes, I mean, you could fit… could you fit 30 people on there? I mean, it would be tight.
Mike: Like, it was reasonably large, but it's not… I guess 30… I don't know how much physical… I guess 30 people doesn't actually take up that much space.
Tim Sackton: 30 people who are packed together.
Mike: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's pretty… you can fit a lot of people, Pert.
Mike: Like, how many people do you think can fit in 10 by… in, like, 10… 15… you know, a 10x15 space?
Tim Sackton: That's 150 square feet. That's huge. You can fit, like, 50 people on that.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah. That should be okay.
Mike: I mean, it'll be patched tight, right? Like, it's definitely not, it's definitely not, like,
Mike: Panicked people running through, and so on and so forth is not the easiest, but…
Mike: So… There's 35 people here.
Mike: you… are you just gonna tell them to run? Like, what's… what are you actually doing?
Tim Sackton: You can fit 36 to 72 people on a 12x12 dance floor in a nightclub.
Mike: Right, so nightclub dance packed, you could easily fit… yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I'm saying we're at the low end of that, so it's not gonna be, like, you know… there's not gonna be a lot of space between people, but they're not gonna be pushed off the edge.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Well, if one of them comes flying through in a panic.
Mike: And falls, you have a little bit of risk.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's what YOLO is for.
Kate Sackton: YOLO in the first 10, and then… I mean, we have to go through eventually, Finnen.
Kate Sackton: I think we're not.
Tim Sackton: Yes. Peace.
Kate Sackton: We can help with the defense, but we can also go.
Mike: Okay, so, like, so, like, YOLO runs through first? What's… what's the…
Kate Sackton: Yes, YOLO runs through first, and we start sending people with him… to him.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, and justice, move into the zone of contact first, and move, like, move away from the…
Tim Sackton: try and draw the swarmy things away from the edge.
Kate Sackton: slide.
Tim Sackton: It usually runs through.
Mike: Okay, so, okay, we'll do this round by round.
Mike: Round 1. Are you just, like, letting them attack you? Are you trying to fend them all?
David S. Kong: Yeah, true.
Tim Sackton: I'm also gonna summon my… my Fae… Spirit.
Mike: Are you casting any spells, Justice?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, hold… hold up. When we… we fought, and are… are these destroyable? Are these things that take damage?
Mike: Yeah. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why don't I just walk in and let the Spirit Guardian soak them all up?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then we don't have to run, we don't need platforms.
Tim Sackton: Well, they might… there's a lot of them, they might kill you before Spirit Guardians…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What kind of things might happen to a lot of people? The, it feels like it's worth a shot, though.
Tim Sackton: I don't think we're gonna kill 50 of them. We gotta be moving through so you can run, right? Like…
Tim Sackton: If things are looking bad, we gotta bail and get through the portal, which means we gotta get the people through the portal as quickly as possible, so that you have the option of
Tim Sackton: fleeing.
Tim Sackton: If we just… if we just try and kill him and we can't, then we're all just gonna be dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The… That's fair. Let me suggest…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll tie this rope around my waist, and I can be the last one out, and if I'm dead by that point, you know, just…
Tim Sackton: Well, let's the Yankee through. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, I'm gonna use my shield to recharge another, Channel Divinity.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna use that Channel Divinity to cast Shield of Faith without, needing concentration.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then I'm gonna cast, What am I casting?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The thing we've been talking about this entire time?
Tim Sackton: Parent Guardians.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fairy Guardians.
Mike: Okay, so you're probably going in… so you have a 21AC.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yup, so I am… my goal is to survive as long as possible.
Mike: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: And I'm sending my Summon Fae Spirit with him, I'm… s…
Tim Sackton: I'm summoning it… I'm summoning the Trixie version, which can make…
Tim Sackton: cubes of darkness, and I'm gonna tell it to just…
Tim Sackton: bounce around in front of justice, and…
Tim Sackton: catch as many of them as possible in a cube of darkness to sow as much confusion as it can, while staying out of justice's way. Don't… never get within 15 feet of justice. Try and drag them
Tim Sackton: away from him.
Tim Sackton: And let the Spirit Guardian soak up the ones that are close.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: Okay? So, Justice is the only one trying to…
Tim Sackton: I think Echo in polar bear form is also going to… Okay.
David S. Kong: I'll stand behind Justice, though. I'll let him, I'll, I'll, you know…
Mike: And are you, like, trying to attack these things? Are you just, like, defendant? Are you dodging? Like, what do you…
Tim Sackton: Justin should just dodge. That's the strongest thing you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am dodging and preparing to heal myself.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: But the Spirit Guardians attack, right?
Mike: That's, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 3D8 radiance to everything in a 30-foot sphere.
Audio shared by Mike: So wait, dodge gives attack rolls disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so, 21AC with disadvantage.
David S. Kong: pretty good.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So…
Audio shared by Mike: Round 1, Justice runs up.
Mike: Lodging, but basically trying to otherwise…
Mike: Distract and entice them towards you.
Mike: And, what, YOLO leads the first group through?
Mike: Yeah. Basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting, yeah, I guess so.
Audio shared by Mike: Nope.
Audio shared by Mike: So, choice, make a… make, make a…
Tim Sackton: Oh, and I'm giving him a Bardic.
Mike: Okay, Maka, make and drink.
Tim Sackton: It still has the Bardic.
Mike: Yeah, make an attack roll, but use Charisma instead of strength.
Tim Sackton: No, YOLO doesn't need inspiration. YOLO IS inspiration.
Mike: 20 plus proficiency plus charisma.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, this is me? What is this for?
Mike: This is you, to try and… to try and… how distracting are you? How much do they focus on you versus other people?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, sure. Okay, so, attack… D20 plus charisma plus Strength?
Mike: Plus proficiency. Not plus strength.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Plus proficiency, yeah. Okay.
Mike: Plus, if you have anything… you don't have a magic weapon, do you?
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a natural 20. Okay.
Mike: they…
David S. Kong: You were born.
Mike: Oh, pretty much, pretty much, so Justice runs up in, like, the, the…
Mike: the creatures all swarm him, right? Like, pretty much the entire thing comes off and starts swarming around Justice. There are, like, dozens of these things, hundreds of them, it feels like. And yet, they seem to keep…
Mike: bouncing off your shelf, I literally rolled only one, because it's with disadvantage.
Mike: Only one of them hits out of the whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Mike: on the first round, so you take 5 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Echo, you have…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And…
Tim Sackton: Large reduced.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Every, every single one of them takes 12 radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: They make a save.
Mike: They make a safe, yes.
Mike: For half, not for zero, but…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Also, their move is re… they're… If they're within…
Mike: Right, their move is reduced, but that doesn't… I mean, they're mostly just buzzing around your body and head, right? They're not really.
Kate Sackton: Trying to travel long distances.
Mike: not really trying to travel their full move away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I need to make a con save, because I took damage to keep concentration?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: You do.
Mike: You take 5 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. That is an 11, which is maybe not good enough.
Mike: That's good enough. No, that's good enough. If damage… it's… it's… the DC is half the damage, or 10, whichever is higher. So, unless the damage is over…
Mike: 20, it's… did theses 10.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And you have a Bardik if you fail at anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice is, like, roaring with rage and delight and pure enjoyment.
Mike: So… let's see, what kind of save is it?
Tim Sackton: wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Should be DC15.
Mike: Yeah, Alban Defense Group.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, about… about…
Mike: 15% of them fall dead.
Mike: And YOLO, you're running… the people are running through. The first group is fairly chaotic. In the first round, maybe only,
Mike: Five of them get through?
Eric Rosenbaum: P…
Mike: But the entire group still seems to be focused on… justice.
Audio shared by Mike: Round 2… Sorry.
Kate Sackton: But only 5 of them get through, the other 5 are knocked out, the other 5.
Mike: No, no, no, no, no, it's just they're not…
Audio shared by Mike: They're running, they're…
Mike: Pausing to look. The other 5 are… will take another round to get through.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? Like, there's a little bit of a logjam, because somebody trips by the…
Mike: by the entrance and has to stand up again, and somebody doesn't want to run through the portal because it's too scary to run through the portal, so stops and walks slowly, like… they're just… you can't…
Mike: In 6 seconds, there's only so many people who can move through a fairly narrow slot, and… and in this 6-second round, only 5 of them made it through.
Mike: Alright. Right.
Mike: So, next turn.
Mike: What's everybody? So, YOLO, you're on the other side, with 5 of them.
Mike: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Mike: Are you doing anything…
Audio shared by Mike: to…
Mike: Encourage them, or help them, or are you just kind of waiting for something to happen?
Eric Rosenbaum: I will…
David S. Kong: more modern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kingdom?
David S. Kong: at being…
Eric Rosenbaum: the gist.
Eric Rosenbaum: them. I will, pick them off individually.
Mike: I will… With your crossbows as they come through, and they all fall down.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have them… Sit at once.
Kate Sackton: one thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have them sit in a row.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: M… What's Echo doing?
David S. Kong: Well, Echo was gonna go help Justice, but now it's just like, wow, this is like, he was born to do this. Echo will stay as a polar bear and be near Justice in case anything goes awry, but it's sort of there as backup.
David S. Kong: and, you know, otherwise has his arm out and is, like, waving, waving people through.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: Go through the portal.
Mike: Fantastic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nibble… nibbling on, like, a dripping hunk of torn off.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, yeah, man, there's definitely, like, like, bits of fish all over his face, and he's…
David S. Kong: Very sad to be leaving this, lake of never-ending fish.
Mike: Okay, and… Finan and Drain, are you doing anything?
Kate Sackton: greens keeping?
Tim Sackton: And I apologize.
Kate Sackton: When the 5 people get through, To encourage more to.
Tim Sackton: I mean, my… my Fae is attacking.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Kate, finish what you're saying.
Kate Sackton: I've noticed that 5 people got through, so I'm watching to see that more people get through before I encourage another group to head towards the portal.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to hold my turn until after the,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the things attack, because if I drop this…
Audio shared by Mike: Then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): take damage till the end of their turns, so if I lose it, I want to be able to recast it this round after them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that make sense?
Mike: Does that mean you're not dodging?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yee… what an interesting question.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't… you can't actually do what you're proposing, like…
Tim Sackton: You can't ready an action to recast a spell if you lose it, because readying an action to cast a spell takes concentration, and so then you lose the spell automatically, because you're concentrating on two things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In that case, I am dodging.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lumigo.
Mike: So… The next group, so there's now 30 of them.
Mike: Right?
Mike: the next group… the next group moves a little bit better, and…
Mike: Like, 10 of them get through in this… in this round,
Mike: The… well, are you… are you trying to… are you still trying to keep the spirits all focused on you, or are you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'm taunting them.
Mike: Make another…
Tim Sackton: on my… My fae is also up there with spinning, or with Justin.
Mike: Right, right. When it is running around making darkness, Mostly?
Tim Sackton: It'll… it… it has a 30-foot teleport.
Tim Sackton: And… after it teleports, it fills a…
Tim Sackton: 10-foot cube with magical darkness, which lasts until the end of its next turn, so every round…
Tim Sackton: Poofs into a random spot where… wherever the concentration of the.
Audio shared by Mike: Spirit things as densest.
Tim Sackton: Attacked, just because why not, and then makes magical darkness.
Mike: Ehhh… Sure, okay.
Tim Sackton: And it's trying to, like, lead them away from… justice. Okay.
Mike: Make a… make… have your fey make an attack roll with Charisma as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I got a 10 total.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That's, 20.
Mike: Okay, so… the Fae… so they start to spread, right? Like, so… Echo, you see the, the…
Mike: A big group of them are sort of moving back towards the portal, away from justice.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Echo, we'll, go grab those and…
David S. Kong: Start… start, attracting them and trying to dodge them.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I assume, Mike, that they have a move more than 30, because their move is half within the emanation?
Mike: Yeah, they're not… I mean, they only go 10 feet…
Mike: they don't get that far away from you, like, they're maybe 15 feet away from you. Like, they're not at the portal, they're drifting back towards it, and then Echo goes to intercept.
Mike: And then, the…
Audio shared by Mike: Two of… so…
Mike: a fair number… Actually get distracted by…
Mike: A fair number actually get distracted by,
Mike: the Fae. So, like, a group of them sort of attacks… a group of them just goes to attack Echo,
Mike: Actually, what's an Echoes… AC… what's your AC?
David S. Kong: Good question.
Kate Sackton: Lower band?
Mike: As a polar bear.
David S. Kong: My computer is, like, insane. Is it the same as now?
David S. Kong: It's possible for somebody to look it up?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, I got it, I got it.
David S. Kong: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Add… add 4 to whatever it is, because you add your wisdom to your AC.
Mike: So it's…
Tim Sackton: So, it's 16.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So… You take 15 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Damn.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, it's 17.
Mike: Doesn't matter.
David S. Kong: Damn.
Mike: And…
Mike: Justice, as they swim around you, the fey distracts them, and your dodging dodges around, and you get hit by none of them.
Tim Sackton: How much damage did…
Mike: Compet 50.
Tim Sackton: Echo take? Okay, so that means you actually just have 3 temporary hit points left.
Tim Sackton: You haven't actually taken any real damage yet. Correct.
Mike: Well, we've taken fake damage.
David S. Kong: Oh, nice, I love that.
Mike: 10 more come through, right? So that's… 15 I've gone through.
Mike: And I gotta make a save…
Mike: They do well on their save, so another handful die, but a lot of them have moved out of… it's only 10-foot radius, right? The Spiritual Guardians?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 15 foot radius.
Tim Sackton: 15 feet in all directions from. Yeah, okay. It's a 15-foot emanation.
Mike: Okay. So, a fair bit more have died, there's now probably… I mean, they made the save, but there's now probably…
Mike: 20… 20% total of them have done. Like, it's getting thinner.
Mike: Round 3 starts.
Mike: Anybody doing anything, or is it all just the same?
Tim Sackton: There's a… there's still 15 people left, so…
Mike: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm encouraging another 10 of them to head towards the gate.
Mike: Two more rounds should get them all through.
Mike: Something bad happens.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm… I'm gonna go with Drain in the last… the last batch of 5.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I'm… I'm trying to maneuver to get the maximum number possible of them in the emanations.
Tim Sackton: But…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's… Incrementally.
Tim Sackton: If you run around, it hits them when…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh shit, of course that's what I'm gonna do.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: So…
Mike: What's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure enough.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Mike: Did well.
Tim Sackton: Running, dodging, and letting the spirit guardians slaughter your enemies.
Mike: Echo, are you… are… is anybody… so anybody who's trying to keep their attention make a attack roll…
Mike: with using charisma instead of your normal attack.
Mike: Instead…
Tim Sackton: Meaning for the Faye.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's a 7 for me, that round, that's unfortunate, but I'm running into them, so it doesn't really matter.
Mike: Okay, what about YOLO?
Tim Sackton: actor.
Mike: I mean, Echo.
David S. Kong: Can somebody roll for me? My computer is, like, I just… it is, like, dying right now. I'm just… it's so slow.
Tim Sackton: Echo rolled a 21.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Mike: Okay!
Mike: they… They're sort of running away from,
Mike: justice at this point. He seems dangerous.
Mike: A couple of them… A couple of them go towards,
Mike: A couple of them go towards,
Mike: The fey, and distract, but… but there's a huge swarm of them now around the polar bear.
Mike: And you take 25 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Damn!
Tim Sackton: So that's 20… 2…
Mike: Do you have your…
David S. Kong: It's… I have, 51 minus 18 hit points.
Tim Sackton: So you should have… you should have 29 hit points left.
David S. Kong: No, it's whatever 51 minus 18 is. I have 51 hit points.
David S. Kong: Right, you had a…
Mike: So I did… That 18 temp, you had 2 left, right? You had 2 temporary left.
David S. Kong: I had 3 temporary left.
Mike: You had 3 temporary maps. And then you took 20… took 25, so you had…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you have 29… 29 left.
Tim Sackton: Remember that you can cast Cure Wounds in polar bear form on yourself if you need to.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let me do that, actually, because I'm not attacking these guys. I'm dodging, right? So…
Tim Sackton: You're gonna dodge… you're dodging too? Okay. Well, you can't dodge and also cast cure runes, but it might not be a bad idea to just heal yourself.
David S. Kong: Alright, I'll do that.
Mike: So… Last round, what's every… well, there's a group of 7 left to get through.
Mike: they're… they're mostly… have mostly fled. I mean, there's maybe 30… 70… 70… 60% to 70% left compared to the start from the… from the…
Mike: Spirit Guardian and the Fae attacks. There's a few that have attacked the Fae, what's…
Mike: They're now mostly all swimming around, Echo, though.
Mike: What's everybody doing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've been a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): running around again, I'm gonna hit them… I'm gonna hit every single one of these with spirit.
Mike: You're just gonna try and catch spiritual guardians. Spiritual Guardians is who you choose, not anybody, right? So, allies aren't affected.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Correct.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the Fae is gonna go try and reinforce Echo.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Trying to think if there's anything else I can do.
David S. Kong: Feel me.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I can… all I've got is a first-level healing word, which isn't gonna do that much.
Tim Sackton: I gotta save it in case somebody actually drops to zero.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's not a lot I can do besides…
Tim Sackton: Get the Faye to… to help you out.
David S. Kong: That's fine.
Mike: So, everybody's, again, trying to… so you're… Let's see, let me show you the…
Mike: Your DC is 15, right?
Mike: Pretty safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 14, actually.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry.
Mike: well, I keep making 15s, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, 15's good, I'm… yeah.
Mike: A few more die to the… to the… Spiritual weapon.
Mike: at Spiritual Guardians, they're swarming Yolo again. Are you healing yourself, or are you… Dodging.
David S. Kong: I'll kill myself.
David S. Kong: Tier 1.
Mike: So you take 15 points of damage.
Mike: Oh, wait, hold on, hold on, before I do that. Roll… everybody roll your distractions.
Mike: Assuming you're still trying to keep their focus on you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, 14 this time.
Mike: Actually, before anybody attacks.
Tim Sackton: 21.
Mike: It'll be rough.
Tim Sackton: Faye.
Mike: so many roll for…
David S. Kong: Yeah, somebody can roll for me.
Tim Sackton: Check out. I got it.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, bad this time, that's a 12.
Mike: Well, it's not necessarily bad if they all would go and attack the Fae.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, so actually, I gotta do that differently. You don't take 15 points of damage. How many hit points does the Fae have?
Tim Sackton: No authority?
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But it's happy to go out in a blaze of glory.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The Fae takes 10.
Mike: Your, echo only takes 5.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Mike: And they're now swarming around the Fae.
Tim Sackton: Except they're not, because it makes a 10-foot cube of darkness and then teleports 30 feet away, and turns back and yells at them, like, you fools, I'm over here now!
Mike: Right. So, they swarm around the Fae, and I mean, they do… they do…
Mike: It doesn't work to be like, I'm distracting you and drawing you away from the innocents if you don't at least…
Mike: Sort of.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, no, no, it's the Trixie Faye, he's trying to be Trixie.
Mike: Right. So he gets hit a few times and then teleports away.
Tim Sackton: He's not trying to avoid taking hits, he's trying to draw them.
Mike: Rather and further away. Yes, which is successful, right? Like, they're… and the last group goes through.
Kate Sackton: And Drain goes with them.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Finn in…
Audio shared by Mike: Frenin will stand at the edge of the portal and make sure that.
Tim Sackton: justice and echo, Retreat, and come back through.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'll wave goodbye to the Fae.
Tim Sackton: Leaving.
Mike: Yeah, just fine.
Tim Sackton: here.
Mike: The f- The… actually, let me… The Fae… is swarmed.
Mike: And… takes.
Mike: 20 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so the fey is dead.
Mike: and…
David S. Kong: And…
Mike: Echo takes 10 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Still alive. Well, how much did I get back from the cure wounds?
Mike: I don't think I'd be rolled for you.
Tim Sackton: I'll roll.
Tim Sackton: Second level cure wounds is…
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, you're fine.
Audio shared by Mike: You're… you're now all through.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to stay and make sure all of the lightning things are dead. I don't feel good about leaving them behind with the…
Mike: Okay, you're gonna run around? So they're about half of them are gone.
Mike: The private… Probably take you 3 more turns to kill them all with…
Tim Sackton: Bay is dead, you don't have a lot of support.
Audio shared by Mike: It's funny.
Mike: It's a swarm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 24D8?
Mike: Well, no, it's a swarm mechanic, so… so, because it's basically a swarm.
Mike: you do… you reduce the size of the… that's how swarms work, right? You don't… You don't…
Mike: In D&D terms, an area fact doesn't…
Mike: A swarm of creatures doesn't take…
Mike: It's treated as one creature from HP's perspective.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damn, alright.
Mike: Is how swarms work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I can… I can… I feel good about surviving nether swarms. But, I mean, it's split several times, right? It gets weaker… the thing about swarms is it gets weaker the more you kill.
Mike: And so each set you kill reduces the number of attacks.
Tim Sackton: Kong, you heal 28 hit points.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Mike: So, so Justice is just gonna hang around?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I got the rope, like, there's… this is a low consequences thing.
Mike: Sure, yeah. We'll just see how.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'm still… I'm standing here until you…
Tim Sackton: I'm standing on the edge of the portal until you retreat. I'm not leaving Justice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll just say, just, just one sec, just, just, just one…
Mike: You're dodging.
Mike: You have a 21AC, so the first group…
Mike: Yeah, they have a really hard time hitting you.
Mike: They're just… they can't get through your defenses. Like, they swarm around, but you have good armor, and you keep batting them away with your shield, and dodging your face behind your shield. Plus, you have a magical shield, which helps, like, you know,
Mike: So…
Mike: I mean, realistically, there's no way this is gonna kill you, because it gets exponentially easier. She's like, keep rolling. I've rolled, like, 5 crits of these guys.
Mike: But your crits keep turning into not crits, because you're dodging.
Mike: Oh, actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when they face the power of real Gestapo, and not… not this.
Mike: You take 5 more damage, I mean, this is very anticlimactic, and then the last, there's only a couple left.
Mike: And they're now increasingly unlikely to hit you.
Mike: Oh, but they hit you again! You take another 5 points of damage, and now there's, there's, like, 5 left, just floating around, total nuisance.
Tim Sackton: Snap.
Mike: I didn't even misses.
Mike: And they're off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sex.
Tim Sackton: 6 does not succeed, so you gotta recast it, but it shouldn't matter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll use the Bardic inspiration, yeah, it's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we're at this point.
Mike: You recast it, maybe you take 5 extra damage because you're not dodging, but it doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Just use the bar deck to…
Tim Sackton: There's a 50-50 chance the barnacle will save you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled an 8.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're fine with the bardic.
David S. Kong: And you escape!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll give… I'll give one last shout back to the villagers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, none… none of you guys wanna come. I mean… Just go right through.
Mike: One young guy comes running out from the crowd once the sparks are all gone and runs through with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, that's… that's worth it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just as, just pretty pleased with himself for that. Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, go on through.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'll step through with justice and the last person.
David S. Kong: them.
Tim Sackton: Onto the now very crowded dance floor platform.
Tim Sackton: I'll just first quickly check to make sure YOLO hasn't YOLO'd anyone off the edge.
Kate Sackton: Dream's been helping Yolo stay organized.
Mike: out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody's lined up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you mean, like, for fun? Just, like, oh…
Tim Sackton: You never know with these Kenku, right? I mean…
Tim Sackton: I guess that specific KenQ.
Mike: Sal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good game, kind of thing.
Mike: you… signal atracus, and… Tell them to…
Audio shared by Mike: So you… I mean, you can…
Audio shared by Mike: the Kenko could fly down, I mean, I don't know, is Echo fly down, or… it doesn't really matter, but…
Mike: You know…
Audio shared by Mike: Adracus takes this piece, and… Puts it back in, and sort of steps away, and
Audio shared by Mike: You can see, like, the…
Audio shared by Mike: the runes and channels on this, like, platform that Adrakus is on light up.
Audio shared by Mike: And it kind of vibrates, like, sort of bounces up and down in the air for a minute, and then kind of stabilizes. And you can see the portal starts to, like, after a minute, like, there's this…
Audio shared by Mike: There's this… Almost like…
Audio shared by Mike: shift, right? Like, it almost looks like the portal is being scraped off the wall very slowly.
Tim Sackton: How are the people reacting tonight?
Audio shared by Mike: That's a good question. They're not…
Mike: The people are not… I mean, these are mostly people who…
Mike: see this as an adventure, right? Like, the self-selected group, there's very few persuaded people in this bunch, so they're mostly interested, right? They're mostly, like… there's a few, like, whispers about, like, what is… I mean.
Mike: They… they're… your perception is they've…
Mike: Seen a couple of knights in their life, most of them.
Mike: But… there's a lot of, like.
Mike: is this normal? Like, sort of whispered… whispered questions going around amongst them, like…
Mike: And there's a lot of, like…
Mike: Several of them are kind of looking up.
Mike: And looking around, like… How do we get out of here?
Tim Sackton: I mean… I'm gonna make that a Dracus's problem.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: It's a good play.
Tim Sackton: That was… Tell them the story.
Mike: Oh, I tried to catch the story?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, he… You know, you can… you sort of… he's now… he's now…
Mike: no longer…
Mike: sitting, like, he flies up to you, right? Like, he, he turns into a bird and flies up to you.
Audio shared by Mike: And sort of,
Audio shared by Mike: Lands on the edge of the… you know.
Audio shared by Mike: platform. It's a little crowded, right? Like, he flies around for a minute and actually, you know, lands on the edge, and…
Audio shared by Mike: Says, should we… There's more space.
Mike: down below.
Mike: It should be safe now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Comment down below.
Mike: Wow, on… the big.
Mike: machine class, the big, runic, Although…
Eric Rosenbaum: What does this… what does this machine do?
Mike: He sort of looks around, at all these people, like.
Audio shared by Mike: Perhaps we should…
Mike: Talk in private.
Mike: He's not that interested in spilling the secrets of the Vale of the Kai to, like, dirty strangers.
Mike: he's not actually super sure about talking to any of you except Echo, but, like, he'll… he'll sort of…
Mike: Grandfather you in.
Tim Sackton: Well, I… I'm not… Finnen doesn't really…
Tim Sackton: Care so much about prying at the secrets of the… feck of a kite. More…
Tim Sackton: There's, like, you know, 30-some-odd people who are gonna be hungry and tired, and…
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, hmm.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: I'm not asking… I'm not, like, trying to ask him, like, what's going on here. I'm trying to ask him.
Audio shared by Mike: how do we get out of here before all these people starve to death? Right.
Mike: Yeah, so,
Mike: She says, well, Let us,
Mike: It is… He's gonna have to think about that for a minute.
Tim Sackton: How did the orcs get here?
Mike: He doesn't know how the orcs got here.
Kate Sackton: push this platform to any pathways on the.
Mike: There probably are, I mean, there are often… he'll sort of… hmm…
Audio shared by Mike: There are… There are pathways.
Mike: In the mountains and in the cliffs.
Audio shared by Mike: It is…
Mike: Likely the orcs found.
Audio shared by Mike: Came from an underground… Passage.
Tim Sackton: How far up can we go before… We fall.
Audio shared by Mike: Hmm… We're close to the… we're close to the…
Mike: We're close to the top.
Mike: Of the… of the, unusual places. He says, he says, you know, the… The chasm, this is the…
Mike: Beneath here is when it starts to…
Mike: change, he says, right? This is the… this is the…
Mike: The upper layer of the,
Mike: sacred section of the chasm, he says.
Mike: But… I'm sure we can… there are… Pathways in the cliffs.
Mike: Underground tunnels.
Mike: I expect… the orcs.
Mike: and Stoneborn… Found their way through an underground tunnel near here.
Mike: And onto this platform.
Tim Sackton: I mean, how far is it up if you just flew straight up?
Mike: It's like… A mile.
Mike: Little bit more.
Mike: Maybe 2.
Tim Sackton: So, one of you, Kengu, can probably fly that in… Less than an hour.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, you could… we could send, I mean, we could send to Kameko for help.
Tim Sackton: There's…
Audio shared by Mike: plenty of space down on the platform if we… Yes.
Tim Sackton: Set up camp and get a fire going, and we just need to get some food.
Tim Sackton: To feed these people, but that shouldn't be the insurmountable challenge.
Mike: No.
Tim Sackton: That's a good one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That'll feed 10 people.
Tim Sackton: It might take a few days to…
Tim Sackton: Even if we have to rig slings and fly people up one at a time, in a week.
Mike: That… that may be safer than finding whatever…
Mike: Underground passage, the orcs came through.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, can we… can we bring other Cancun to help? I mean, can you go…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Find friends, and come back with a few dozen of them, and…
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Mike: Ask the… we can ask the Kameko for help, yes.
Mike: They will… They will cooperate.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't think we need anything fancy here, just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Just…
Kate Sackton: Refugees.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and some… and a, you know, camp, some food and some bedrolls and things, so people can be comfortable while they wait.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: Yes, this is all…
Tim Sackton: And Finanel suggests… will take justice aside and say.
Tim Sackton: If you're willing to go in the last evacuation, I think your presence might be…
Tim Sackton: comforting to these people, but I think that I will… Go ahead early.
Tim Sackton: And start asking around, try and find some elders who speak
Tim Sackton: old Zim Kobin, who might be willing to take some of these people in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to think, like, there must be some… like, there must be some little village in a good spot somewhere, because I imagine, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, refugees may all want to be together somewhere, like, there's gotta be some… Similar.
Tim Sackton: This is… I mean, Finnen… I feel like Finnan's traveled around…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: a lot in this area, and so that's, I think, what he's gonna try and do, is, like, think about…
Tim Sackton: go up with one of the first rounds of Kenku in the morning, and… you know.
Tim Sackton: go talk to some people. Leave the rescue operation to… Justice and the Kenkyu.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: and leave the… I mean… I don't know what Drain wants to do, but… Finnen wants to kinda…
Tim Sackton: you know, start talking to people around in some villages, and try and find, like, yeah, exactly what Justice suggested. Like, an isolated village where there's at least a few people who speak Ods and Kobin, that, you know, maybe a place that has, sort of.
Tim Sackton: You know, been semi-abandoned, or were… that was once bigger, and… or at least has room to expand, you know?
Mike: I mean, Draco says if, if… It is not… yes.
Mike: Helping these… these people…
Mike: It's not gonna be a problem, I mean…
Mike: he can… he can turn into a giant swan. He can carry four people on his back, right? Like, this isn't insurmountable.
Mike: and you can certainly… I mean, there's certainly places, like, in particular, in the…
Mike: I'm forgetting all the worldbuilding I did before there, Tim and I did before this, but, like, in the… in the… in the,
Mike: on the edges, like, Breva itself is definitely more culturally homogenous, right?
Tim Sackton: Right. He…
Mike: the… Wavnock Plateau, though, is like…
Mike: One… or north of here, often the, like… like the… M.
Mike: the… the… I'm blanking on the name of the river.
Mike: the headwaters of the big river. What's the river?
Tim Sackton: Half…
Mike: No, the one that goes to Tolin. The one… the big one that goes to Tolin.
Tim Sackton: Volta?
Mike: the Volta, right?
Tim Sackton: Like, there's lots of these little villages that still keep to the old ways, the further north. Right.
Mike: Right? So, like.
Mike: you could set off to try and find them somewhere. Like, Infinan would have been there, right? You could definitely find a village that's…
Mike: Where all the young people have sort of been abandoning the old traditions and… and going… you know.
Mike: south to Tolland for jobs, that kind of vibe, right? Like…
Mike: That sort of vibe certainly exists, right? There's still people who speak Obs and COVID up in the foothills off that way.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: Right?
Kate Sackton: any memories or leads Drain has, she tells Spin and…
Audio shared by Mike: Dow.
Mike: So yes, there's… it's… it's… Resettling is certainly…
Audio shared by Mike: achievable.
Mike: Somewhere.
Mike: Right, and you can certainly, like, it's, you know, it takes you a few days to organize a rescue and… Right.
Mike: you know, a Dracus does turn into a swan, and flies some up, and talks to a Kenku, and like, a giant swan, right? Like, the size of, you know, 50… well, not 50, like…
Mike: large creature, right? Like, and, you know, you do learn some about the, you know.
Mike: What he knows about the chasm, about the…
Mike: you know, there's these… nobody knows who built them, but these… these… these pointer, runic…
Mike: runic, sort of,
Mike: magic. It's all… it's all… the black metal is all in… in… what's that metal called? In… in card…
Mike: It's the thing that dealt with, it's like the…
Mike: That… that metal that holds planter stuff together, Tim, that you made up?
Tim Sackton: in Calle?
Mike: In Calle. Right.
Mike: Somehow it stabilizes the vortexes in the bottom of the chasm to keep them from crossing with each other.
Mike: And the veil of Akai are sort of…
Mike: keepers of the secret that this exists. Nobody knows who built them, or where they came from.
Mike: But he tells you what he knows. There's 3 of them along… along the bottom of the chasm, spaced out.
Mike: This is the only one that seems to have been damaged.
Mike: Hence the source in… was the source of the trouble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wh-what's in the, the… There's, like, a dome at the bottom?
Mike: Yeah, that's the one you never went into. You wanna go see what's in there?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean… Yes.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if your character dies now, what difference does it make?
Mike: Well, it's all, it's all… it's all caught the… the… the…
Audio shared by Mike: It's fed.
Mike: It's the… It's the source of energy for the… For the,
Mike: The planer, this planter stabilizer, but the chaotic…
Mike: whitening element, you know, the, the, the, the elemental…
Mike: plane. The weird vortex to an elemental plane is now gone.
Mike: So, the… There's nothing dangerous there anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's the power supply.
Audio shared by Mike: It's the power supply, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's…
Mike: So, some sort of, probably Chile.
Mike: Or whatever other magical… I don't know if it would be Chillite, actually, I never made up what it would be. It wouldn't be Chillite, I guess.
Tim Sackton: Not chillite, definitely not Cheetite.
Mike: so… I didn't really have any aftermath. It's… These people eventually get settled.
Mike: Right?
Mike: You know?
Mike: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Yay.
Mike: I like all these characters. I don't know what they go do now. They go do whatever they do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, well, somebody has to go back to retrieve the, group.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Obviously.
Mike: Wow, YOLO could bring it with him on his next adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, like, whoops, and drop it.
Mike: Oh, there you go. You drop it, and it falls, and then it becomes… it goes into some other dimension, and then gets summoned.
Mike: That's exactly…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: interventional traveler rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): these characters, too. This was a, like, a fun… a fun mix of characters.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We had some nice moments.
Eric Rosenbaum: My favorite thing was… was… YOLO and Echo meeting each other, and then flying… synchronized flying together.
Eric Rosenbaum: The fire was ready.
David S. Kong: Hmm…
Mike: Duh. Anyway, that was fun to run.
Mike: He's like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, thanks for putting it together.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Seriously, yeah.
Mike: You went to neither of the things I planned for this session, but that's okay.
David S. Kong: Why'd you plan?
Mike: The… the scary fight at the bottom, if you had gone in… if you had gone into the…
Mike: If you actually got into the engine room, so to speak, when it was still inhabited by an elemental, you would have been attacked by the elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: tried.
Mike: I'd already tried.
David S. Kong: So what happened? Why were you… you got charmed, right?
Mike: It was charmed. Yeah.
Mike: dead.
Mike: engine had a… the piece had a… had a…
Mike: That's why the orcs were taking it, although they…
Audio shared by Mike: Some of them probably went down to the bottom and died, but that's why they…
Mike: Ran this way so determinatively is because they were charmed by this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see, yeah.
Mike: And then, you didn't go into the… you didn't go and find the Fae Lord, and go into his palace and give him back his necklace.
Audio shared by Mike: You were way too reasonable. You were way… no, I mean, it was fine, right? Like, I didn't… I didn't know that you would do it, but…
Mike: When I originally planned this adventure, I didn't think you would even ever go back to the… to Melissa, once you escaped it.
Mike: So…
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But wait, what… it was actually… was it supposed to actually be the Feywilds?
Mike: No, no, it's supposed to… it's a Shadow Fold novel.
Tim Sackton: So I… that's what I suspected.
Audio shared by Mike: Except…
Tim Sackton: What is the, like… The big evil that created that.
Tim Sackton: I thought it was supposed to be a, like, people were fleeing the downfall.
Mike: I never really… so… I think that in… the…
Mike: back… in my head, I was assuming it's not… it wasn't… the people were trapped there by the Fae Lord. The evil was something about the…
Mike: They were kidnapped.
Mike: Right? The, the… The story that they were fleeing…
Mike: to safety is totally false. They were ba- the- the- the…
Mike: The Frostbinder was in some… I didn't have his full backstory worked out, but in some fashion banished from the Feywild, probably for doing something evil.
Mike: And then… created a…
Mike: something about that evil creat… that action… I don't know if this actually fits with the shadow. Maybe it's a fae demiplane.
Tim Sackton: I don't… I'm not sure it…
Mike: fits with Shadow King.
Tim Sackton: Sure, that actually works completely for the…
Tim Sackton: I… I knew that's… I was… I was sure that's what you were going for, but I wasn't convinced of the metaphys.
Tim Sackton: I didn't think Fannin would know about.
Mike: I… I didn't think that when I read your notes about the Shadow Folds, I did not see anything that suggested it had to be…
Mike: evil, necessarily.
Mike: I envisioned the Shadow Folds as, like.
Mike: this guy, this fey ward banished from…
Mike: banished from the Feywild and mixed up in the magic of the downfall, somehow created a…
Mike: Kidnapped a bunch of people, effectively, and created a magical domain.
Audio shared by Mike: And some mechanism related to the…
Tim Sackton: I guess the details aren't in the…
Mike: I asked you if you had any ex- I guess I didn't ask you about Shadow Folds directly.
Tim Sackton: It's more in the… but what I developed for the Riswin thing doesn't have to be the…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I do metaphysics.
Mike: That's what I figured, is that the Chatterfield doesn't strike me as…
Mike: having to be… well, we can debate what it really is, right? I don't know if it has… but anyway, the idea was it was a Shadowfold domain that was driven by his personality, where he was… he was…
Audio shared by Mike: Increasingly… going increasingly insane. And, like, just… not… stable.
Audio shared by Mike: For being in the… Being trapped.
Mike: And, like, what… like, in his…
Mike: I think… I think some… I think he was in pri-prisoned. I actually think the Frostbinder…
Mike: was not even the root cause of this place, whatever it was. I think he's trapped there just as much as everybody else.
Tim Sackton: That's… I mean, that's, like, typical… that's the, like, the classic, like, Ravenloft vibe, right? Is it's not…
Tim Sackton: the domain is not a… the shadowful domain is not,
Tim Sackton: It's not, like, a place that you're, like, the boss of. You're in just as much a prison there as…
Mike: Yeah, yes.
Tim Sackton: everybody else.
Mike: I mean, that was sort of the… and obviously he has some control over it, but, like, that was sort of the… the…
Mike: like…
Mike: I think it was driven increasingly by his and say, like, he was trying to do things like build the… a machine to make the sun be, like, the fail-out sun, but it would fail, and then it became dark when the machine failed, and then… Yeah. …he'd have to sacrifice people to fix it.
Mike: like, the metaphysics didn't necessarily come out perfectly, but that was sort of in my head. The metaphysics I was thinking of was sort of a…
Mike: A root cause that probably swept him up, too.
Mike: Right?
Mike: And so it wasn't like he was the… he was the most powerful, but it wasn't like he was the…
Mike: It wasn't like he was the,
Mike: It wasn't, like, his evil that necessarily created it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, I think it works. The history is a little murky, but it doesn't really matter, because…
Mike: history, I just didn't make up the history, I guess, potentially a little bit murky, other than… other than it was clearly the down… it must have been the downfall that…
Mike: created it, I think. Or around the time of the downfall.
Tim Sackton: Well, it could…
Mike: But it could have been.
Tim Sackton: Long predate the downturn.
Tim Sackton: It's just the people got… sucked up in the downfall or something.
Mike: That's true. That's also true.
Mike: Yeah, maybe it was his prison, right? Maybe it was a Shadowfold domain where the Fae Ward was imprisoned there since forever.
Mike: I never really came up with the backstory. And I don't actually know… I had never came up with what was gonna happen, right? Like, what happens to these people? I don't know.
Mike: It's just his insanity was getting worse because of the… Intrusion from the outside.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Well, the actual detailed metaphysics aren't that important to the story, in some way.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Because it was more a backdrop than… Like, we didn't really… Yeah.
Mike: Correct.
Mike: Damn.
Tim Sackton: Whoa!
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm gonna stop.